It was too late to repair this damage. I said, ignoring the way he was visually molesting me. I said with fake cheer. The answer came literally two seconds later with a slight beeping noise. I showed the screen to Eric, and he laughed and held out his phone. Apparently it was getting harder to stay composed. I smiled wryly. I wouldn't give him that satisfaction. Wow. he asked. I answered regardless in my trademark calm voice. he asked. I frowned. I winced as a clap of thunder sounded around us. Seeing Eric in the rain was, um, for a lack of a better term, nice. Eric muttered in frustration. This was ridiculous. The rain, of course, was not stopping anytime soon. And then, the way Eric was looking at me…I could tell what part he was focused on because that section of my skin blazed hotter than the rest. he replied. I asked, turning to face him. he asked me suddenly. I asked, but apparently, that was good enough for Eric, because the next thing I knew, he literally pounced on me. Even when his lips parted from mine, the kisses didn't stop. And then, all of a sudden, he stopped. I opened my mouth and then closed it. I whimpered. Until Trey showed up, of course, minutes later, having had enough sense to figure out that maybe I did need some help after all. She was not threatened by a 6'2'' male whose goal was making her submit to him. Just the thought of him made her skin crawl, the smug smile that sat underneath a nose too straight for the amount of times she hit him. Her friends didn't see it the same way. She could not have Mackenzie in her house. Each tally represented something: a prank, a win in sports, academics, medals, even relationships. Emotions that didn't involve revenge or anger weren't something she displayed. Juggling her belongings, Piper struggled to the door. William Allen III was the opposite of Mackenzie Tosh. As a musician, he wasn't Piper's usual type. But Piper constantly found herself comparing him to Mackenzie. William placed a quick kiss on her check before grabbing her bag and cleats and chucking them in the back of his truck, earning a wince from her. She didn't tell William what she was feeling, and he didn't ask. Holding the laces of her cleats between her teeth, she hiked her duffle bag higher on her shoulder and searched for her phone. The first thing she noticed was his fricken` smirk as he leaned against the fence surrounding her field. A smirk of her own graced her face, slow and mischievous. Without taking her eyes from him, intent on winning their unspoken contest of staring, she furiously typed her message. As much as his company annoyed her, it was his presence at her games that pushed her to win. It was common knowledge that without him her passion, her anger, her craze wouldn't explode without him egging her on. Seconds after she turned from him she heard his pace quicken. She gave him a light smile and turned back to the stadium. Turning to face him she lost the smile, the rivalry hate; lost the reason for this game. He was surprised at her display of emotion. Her voice was low and accusing, she never yelled. He was so angry. She opened her mouth to say something, but what do you say to this? After the locker room and warm-ups the crowd began to grow. Coach Cameron, Madison High's new coach and gym teacher, bellowed to his girls as Piper continued to search. Keeping quiet, Lindy began to think about her idol. Piper handed her the coin casually, not taking in Lindy's awestruck expression. Coach congratulated Lindy and scowled at Piper. He made fun of her when she wanted to be a ballerina in kindergarten resulting in her active participation in male dominated sports to teach him a lesson. He had the same determination as her, the same need to dominate one's opponent. The team ran out, strategically placing themselves. Ready, set, play hard. Piper raced to an open spot and caught Nikki's high pass with her chest. Meghan's bicycle kick. The girls ran in as their subs were called. Sweat dripped down her brow, whetting her appetite for the game. Was heard from various girl, most of whom were on the bench for the first quarter. Everyone who noticed the commotion on the field was in astonishment at Piper's antics. Coach was as frustrated as Piper, but continued his refusal to put her in. Embarrassed at her team's failure Piper packed her bag with her head down. He was in the same position, same location as earlier before the worst lost of her high school career. He got into her face, his nose almost touching hers. Their friends didn't bat an eye at the manhandling. Throwing her shoulder into his chest, she struggled against him. A hand on Mackenzie's shoulder materialized. A/N: I tried a new writing method with this story, and, well. As it happened, Nelly didn't actually know who was responsible for the state she found herself in. That fine day, he had caught Nelly thieving in his stock room. The other man to compete for the paternity of Nelly Murcutt's child was Oscar Price, of the Mellanden Hall Prices. His fateful meeting with Nelly had taken place at the annual village fair. Had she lived to see her son as a man, there would have been no question of the paternity. Mrs Murcutt didn't say anything then. Despite Mr Murcutt's unhappiness about the boy, Noah got a decent upbringing. Over all, during the first 14 years on earth, he lived a relatively happy life. Mr Murcutt put his big hand on Noah's skinny shoulder, urging him along down the muddy path. Mr Murcutt didn't let go of Noah's shoulder until they reached the shore. Noah cried, tears overflowing and streaming down his cheeks. Noah saw something glimmer in the scarce light, and realised Mr Jackson was paying Mr Murcutt for him. Mr Jackson led Noah over the gangway to the ship. Mr Jackson opened the door, and Noah suddenly found himself in a small, but cosy room. Mr Jackson looked suspicious. A/N: Don't worry, Here Goes Nothing is still being written. I opened the door and was greeted with the sight that had summer written all over it. As we got older, there were variations. he replied. He took the stairs down from my porch two at a time, and when I finally joined him at the bottom he slung his arm over my shoulder in a gesture that he'd probably made a million times. Gabe and I had been best friends since before I could remember. And then, we hit high school, and everyone noticed that he was sweet, and cute, and caring. And I didn't get the kind of attention he did from the opposite sex. So I looked away from his gorgeous smile and beautiful, brown eyes and twirled my keys around my finger. When we pulled up they had already started the fire. Forty-five minutes, two margaritas, and one Tequila shot later, I was buzzing comfortably and talking and laughing. I stood up, only a little shaky on my feet, and followed him towards his vehicle. I did know Sydney. I glanced over his shoulder, at the bonfire, at our friends. I couldn't help it. The kisses, though unexpected and pleasant, weren't extremely rare. But this time, it was different. But then he chuckled, and the moment was over. I was fat. Mom sat down at the oak kitchen table, her lean, heart-shaped face worried. Sunlight filtered through the window that was just above the kitchen table. I shrugged, polishing off my toast and reaching for another. Dad nodded as Mom glided off. Dad stood up, ruffled my hair, and left resoundly to his office on the other part of the house. A personal trainer? I apologized, holding out my hand to my latest victim. I asked, noticing he didn't let go of my hand even though I let my hand slack. I finally pulled my hand away and stuck it into the pocket of my jean pants. I lowered my eyes, remembering just why and how people knew me. Tabitha sniffed airily, as though everyone jogged. I gazed down the street to see Tabitha's friend Ralph, a happy-go-lucky popular boy. I replied, trying to pretend like it didn't hurt to hear that word. Skylar laughed, punching me on the shoulder playfully. Skylar asked me. Tabitha interjected before I could even open up my mouth. Skylar punched my arm again, only harder this time. I offered. And Tabitha was out of sight. About half past eight I was lounging on the couch, channel-surfing when my doorbell rang. Skylar winked. Skylar made it to his house in record time. I heard lots of snickering and whispers among the cheers. Tabitha snorted, as though I should have known. Ralphie turned the attention of the crowd back on him, and I backed away slightly. Tabitha squealed out. I looked up to find Ralph looking at me, directly in my eyes. I offered meekly once more. Ralph sneered, keeping his icy, steady gaze on me. Tabitha announced coolly. I sat out on the front porch of Skylar's house and let the tears flow. I glared at the front yard, as if doing so would make everything all better. :| I'm going to try and update about once a week. AUTHORS' NOTE: STOP! Please note that this is another spinoff of our Zerca series. Marrow's face was void, an emotionless mask as he gazed at the whole of the Reyl camp a kilometer or so before him. Marrow ran his tongue over his teeth, savoring the blood that dripped as it went over his extended canines. He closed his eyes and shook his head to clear the fuzzy memories of the laughing faces from his head, knowing now, as an adult, it was more likely he felt so uneasy because he was abandoned by his life-bearer. Marrow turned a sharp glare at the lippy youth next to him, and the younger man immediately raised his chin in challenge. Tying their animals to the nearest makeshift rail, they made their way to the center of the camp. Marrow turned his gaze to the center of the night's entertainment, as most everyone did, and watched as tribesmen used rattle-like instruments to shake out sounds of anticipation before a slow, more sultry tune began to play. His hair was long and sleek, its red color bright and shiny as it fell past his shoulders and over his bare chest. He could feel himself begin to harden as the boy began to gyrate his body, moving in a seductive dance that seemed to invite the eyes of every man there to look on his . He could sense it as those eyes raked over him, feeling very much like a subtle touch as they did so. Stars, Marrow too felt like fighting his own emotions. Tamber hadn't really wanted to join the evening festivities that night, truth be told. Zerca, these strangers were a tiresome bunch, though! Sure, there were a few earthlings among the mated population of city-dwellers, but none on the open land in the Reyl communities. Yet, when he announced his intentions to stay abed while the rest of the trivbe entertained the strangers, his father steadfastedly argued against it, pointing out that Tamber was the tribe's best dancer. Now, as he lost himself in the beat of the music, the youth decided he would block out everything around him but the dance. Tamber froze and looked up in hazy confusion as his mind snapped back to reality. Clipped and to the point, Tamber thought to himself as he glared back silently. Marrow's clinched jaw was the only visible sign of his displeasure. He felt a brief, unfamiliar panic as the thought crossed his mind that perhaps his mate did not find him to his liking, but then quickly dismissed it. Doriuq was an elder known and respected for his wisdom among all Reyls. Doriuq could feel his own son's annoyance that he acknowledged the man's claim as valid, particularly by calling him 'son'. Besides, Doriuq could not identify exactly why, but the younger man seemed familiar to him. Marrow felt himself relax a bit at his giver's acknowledgement, raising a sleek light brown eyebrow in arrogant fashion at the shirtless bearer who presently used his father much like a shield. Tamber, Marrow repeated the name in his mind, finding pleasure in finally knowing such a small thing warmed the chill in his lonely bones for a moment. Immediately take me? Tamber was even more wild than most Reyls were stereotyped to be. Tamber snorted and raised a dark red eyebrow in disbelief. Ahhhhh. And everything comes out on Fridays; movies, CD's, and my all time favorite, Video Games. he said, jumping on my bed. I heard my mother's footfalls and I looked over at the open door and saw her standing at the frame. Mom ruffled his hair as he walked past her and she looked over at me. Maybe I should introduce myself. I'd say I'm about…5'9. My father is a cop and a damn good one too. My brother Brandon, is 10-years-old like I said before. We live in a small quaint little town. I got out of bed and sluggishly walked over to my closet, pulling out a pair of black skinny jeans and my old summer camp T-shirt. I huffed and changed the channel to Digimon. he yelled. she scolded, grabbing my bowl and cup from me. he yelled back. I started the car up and threw my bookbag in the passenger seat, slowly backing out of the driveway and noticing Dad's car was gone. There was Lee Wong. Next was Jessica Holt. Then there was Mark Chambers. Last but not least, there was Hope Faith…yeah, I know. I waved over at them and Mark smirked when he saw me. Hope piped in. I said, smirking at him. Hope and Jessie's jaw dropped and Hope slapped my arm. We all just laughed and I smiled at her. Lee said seriously. The bell rang and I put the Video Game back in my bookbag. I sighed and put my hands in my sweater pocket. I just couldn't seem to tell them that there wasn't a nice boy for me. I walked toward my locker and grabbed the lock in my right hand, quickly spinning in the code before opening the door. I chuckled and continued walking down the hall…just to crash into someone walking right towards me. She had long jet-black hair and greenish-brown eyes. She had on a white V-neck and gray skinny jeans along with white flip-flops. she asked. I asked, trying to get my cool back. I groaned and walked toward my previous destination and collapsed in my seat when I got there. Her skin was tan and her green eyes were smiling just as much as her mouth was. I asked, leaning over my desk and arching my eyebrows. she said smirking. I scoffed. She chuckled and looked over at me. I asked. she asked. I said smugly, leaning back in my chair. she pouted. The bell to move to 1st period went off and everyone in the class moved toward the door. She mumbled  under her breath and I shot her a look. Someone hit the ground with a loud '! I chuckled. I asked. She shrugged and motioned for me to lead the way. she said, laughing. We walked in silence down the hall and I opened the door for her to enter Mr. L's class. I followed her to the back and we both sat down. she whispered, smiling at me. Mr. Lewis split us into groups of two and my partner was no one other than…you guessed it! She noticed me staring at her again and put her pencil down. I replied. She looked down at my chair and chuckled. I tried to grab the desk edge but missed and tumbled to the ground. Natalie wouldn't look at me but I could see a small smile on her face. I felt a hand on my thigh and quickly glanced over toward Natalie. I groaned and bit down on my tongue. That was weird. This is a one of a kind story, or at least I hope it is. A.N.: Hello! The pale sunshine reaching across my room was a dead giveaway the weatherman had finally given up hope for any signs of clear skies, and with good reason. I yawned, stretching my arms over my head. I groaned, sliding out of bed and catching a glimpse of myself in the dresser mirror. Grabbing some jeans and a sweater, I tiptoed out of my room, and down the hallway. I rolled my eyes—more from annoyance than surprise--and sighed at the familiar voice. My eyes flew to the clock hanging on the wall, and through the foggy glass, I could see that he was right. Hastily grabbing my toothbrush, I scrubbed my teeth ruthlessly until I was sure they were clean. I flew to my room, gathering my various weekends' homework scattered around my bed. he grumbled simply. Once I got the Camry up and running, I turned the heat on full blast. I made sure to pull out of the driveway slowly, knowing my dad was still watching me, but as soon as I reached the top of the street, and I knew I was out of his sight, I popped a CD into the player and turned the volume up almost all the way. The morning was the same as any other; cloudy with varying ashen colors, a slight frost clinging to the patches of land and rooftops. Of course, there was still ten days until the actual start of the cold season. During break, my dad was flying to Detroit to meet up with my older brother, Caullin, so that they could visit my Uncle Trevor in the city. Neither my father, or Caullin, was too thrilled about leaving me in the house for two weeks by myself, but I had to constantly remind them it would actually be closer to one. Suddenly, my eyes locked onto a single slot right next to the back double doors. Out of nowhere, a black flash sped across my line of vision and directly into the front space. It wasn't until that moment that I realized how cold it really was outside. I hurried through the doors, glancing at the clock on the wall, unhappy to see that I only had two minutes to get to my first class. As soon as I entered the room, I knew something was going on. I slid into my normal seat in the back of the room beside my best friend, Nory, who was deeply engaged in conversation with a group of girls. She rolled her eyes, a smug smile tugging at her lips. New students were mildly uncommon in Astoria, even though we were the best high school—out of two—in the district. He yelled, trying to be heard over the roar of voices. But none of us were listening to him. He was toned, anyone with eyes could see that, but he wasn't overly muscular. It wasn't until a moment later I realized we had locked gazes. The room began shifting, and all of my muscles felt weak with the effort I was putting forth to tear my gaze away from his. The boy nodded again and my heart stopped. He carefully let down his backpack, and placing it on the floor, before taking his seat next to mine. The rustle of paper filled the room and I realized Mr. Gower had been saying something. My eyes instantly flew to the new student, and I had a feeling that he'd placed the paper there even though there was no evidence to suggest he had. I acknowledged, gesturing to the paper. As I took notes, I began to wonder if he ever spoke. Trying to be scarce, I slightly leaned over my desk, trying to catch a glimpse of his ID badge. My eyes wandered back up to his face, and I was met with his hypnotizing eyes. I stifled a laugh. he began. the boy filled the blank. I leaned over my desk and retrieved my Biology book, feeling my flush return, knowing my partners eyes were on me. Gerard. I took his hand, an electric charge passing through my veins. He inconspicuously pointed across the room, where I saw Savannah ignoring Kevin's rambling and staring at Gerard with a dreamy expression plastered on her face. Gerard's face remained expressionless, his features set into stone. he muttered sarcastically. I had a small case of disbelief. I muttered, smiling at him. I nodded, astonished that he was taking this news with such hilarity. I was suddenly under the microscope of a very awkward situation. My thoughts halted. He laughed. I asked, not knowing what it was like to live with so many brothers. I smiled, imagining normal, happy life Gerard lived, although…something vital was missing. he corrected instantly, holding his hands out. he agreed, still watching me. History III honors? Half way down the south hallway that I became aware of the same cluster of girls trailing behind us, close enough to eavesdrop. I thought that it worked out rather conveniently…. Ivy danced over the walls as if racing to greet the sky. I heaved a couple more sighs of the sweet-smelling air, realizing that sooner or later, they would find me. The demons and angels have been at war for near. Then, I spread my wings and plummeted gracefully in down to him. The demons stared at me with keen interest, so I stared back. I shuddered internally and actually obeyed my brother's earlier plea. Those magnificent eyes had challenged me to try and touch her, though her body was positioned to run. I motioned to my highest councilor who scurried over in record time. His flickering eyes raced to where the woman had last been seen. There were two things that Gabby Tucker wanted to achieve before the day of her death. Since the walls of the complex were particularly thin, Gabby would be woken up in the midst of night to the sound of Barry White coupled with the soft grunting of a female voice and the yodeling of a male voice. Gabby was just about to grab her textbooks when she heard another disturbing sound. Grabbing her books, Gabby flung open her door and stormed down the hallway. He was…a boy no older than her. Is this Mom's lover? But…Gabby's thoughts careened to a halt. The boy seemed to realize Gabby's distress. Disclaimer, babe: Don't own The Inkspots or any part of their music. Sitting back on the couch was my best friend, smiling but putting her hands up in defense. But that doesn't change the fact that what she was asking me to do was insane. No, I'm totally kidding. And he hates me too. Erica begged, crossing one leg over the other and leaning forward to clasp her hands together. With a sigh, I finally gave in. What I didn't tell you was that Vincent and I used to be friends through elementary and middle school. I asked. I announced, grabbing my wallet and phone. Erica squealed with a bright grin on her face. But Erica was laughing her ass off. Anyways, she blamed Dallas for it and almost dragged me away from that party. But after the punching and hair-cutting incidents, Dallas became a good friend of mine. So, they've been dating for over six years and it's about damn time that they got married. But all of that is beside the point because my best friend Erica Danielle Maller is getting married! A few moments later, Erica and I were seated at a table with orange chicken, noodles, and fried rice in between us. I replied sweetly before snapping my phone closed. she asked, clearly amused as she lifted a forkful of rice to her mouth. I replied, chewing my orange chicken. she exclaimed as we left the restaurant and got back into my car. Vincent and I are in my piano room, pretending like the other doesn't exist. And that's how the two of us spent three months. So now, I am actively ignoring him by flipping through my song book, pretending to still be choosing. Well, maybe it's not that appropriate for a wedding. Combined with the fact that Erica has this weird hatred for the regular wedding march, she's going to march down at aisle in her pretty dress to The Inkspots. Vincent asked, breaking the silence thing we had going on. I asked in return. When I felt my cheeks heat up, I turned back around and flipped through my song book. Vincent stated in his smartass-voice. Taking a sip of my cooled drink, I put it back down before turning towards the black-haired man sitting in my piano room. For a few wonderful moments, Vincent was silent. I asked with a frown. No shit, Sherlock. Vincent said dryly,  Have I mentioned that Vincent is the best man? Vincent scoffed. I shot back childishly. I announced, tugging on the back of Vincent's suit jacket. By now, our friendship had kind of repaired itself. Vincent grabbed me by my upper arms and pulled me towards him. he told me quietly, brushing a blonde curl behind my ear. When I got to the little stage, I glared at Vincent, who ignored me, pretending to be studying his music. But it was time for Erica's moment. Well, at least they're enjoying it, I thought dryly, watching the wedding guests smile as I sang. But as I sang the last word and Vincent played the last note, there was no appearance from the bride. I spoke into the microphone after  ripping off the large bow that was slung on my hip. I asked, touching her lightly on the shoulder. she told me softly, staring straight at me. I stood up and pulled her into a hug. I replied. Erica sniffed and I could tell that she didn't want to argue. He raised his eyebrows, but turned the pages of the book to what I hope was the song. By now, Erica had taken her first few steps, obviously dreading the altar. When I opened my eyes, Erica was a few feet in front of me and the mini-stage. Mostly because she had the caterer bring box after box of Lipton Green Tea; sparkling, berry, diet, all of them. After the rings and kiss, I ripped my best friend away from her new husband and smothered her into a hug. I can't believe Erica is a Missus now, I thought as I climbed up the stage for the reception. It's not like I'm sad about it, I thought, still staring at the pianist until he suddenly looked up to meet my gaze. I sang 'Memories of You' and 'I'll Get By' (both being last-minute changes to the original song list) before someone came up to me and told me I could take a break to go eat. Yeah, that's definitely something we need to talk about. Finally, I found him. I told the woman before grabbing Vincent's arm and dragging him. Our bodies were less than three inches apart when I demanded,  Damn him for being so tall. he replied, moving even closer with a smile playing on his lips. I retorted, rolling my eyes. Vincent smirked. I told him. Erica said, her first few words considerably brighter than her last. My voice was hollow. Erica spoke softly. A woman touched me on the bare shoulder. It's only three songs, I tried to consol myself as I stepped back onto the stage. I sang, my voice the same. Last song, last song, last song, I mentally chanted as I sang. Oh, Lord. he said lowly. It's different down here, I forced myself to think as Vincent led and I followed. I asked, my voice barely above a whisper. I paused to close my eyes. I whispered, moving to kiss his cheek briefly. Yesterday was Erica's wedding. Instead, she stayed up with me. I looked up. I replied with big puppy eyes and a pout. Dallas called from the doorway. Maybe it's cliché, but I had never cried over a guy before until then. Mostly, I was crying because I think I just needed to cry. Erica asked as I slowly slid my phone closed. When he didn't move or reply, I bit the inside of my lips. I said shakily. he replied, moving quickly to grab me. I was crying again. I never got to finish that threat of mine after Vincent's lips attached themselves to mine. The arrows sprang from the bow, before dropping short of its target despite the rather short distance. He could only groan and smack his forehead as the boy's body was momentarily enveloped with that same red glow of the arrow. I flung open my locker and buried my head into another high stack of books. To end of my statement, I squealed. A little giggle escaped her at the disgusted expression that graced my face upon the mention of that particular family of males. A pair of Nike shoes walking by gave it a small kick, and before I had time to demand that he retrieved my book and apologize, he disappeared into the crowd. Wait. I stared at it quizzed, trying to decipher the meaning of twelve. Unsure, I started counting the number of blank spaces on the tray now. One for every month of the year. He fell silent, and for a few seconds, there was only the sound of breathing on both ends. And he had the audacity to laugh, but I have to admit that it was a nice laugh. That reminded me. He leaned in closer to her, staring deeply into her eyes. The shrill pitch of jealousy pierced through the clouds surrounding my little lala-land. I snuck a look around me and carefully placed the book back into my bag. I felt that uncontrollable flush to my face when I am embarrassed. Crap. The teacher entered, and I breathed a sigh of relief. He settled himself back down beside me and leaned onto his right arm, blatantly staring at me. Hebel jerked up and his head turned, as if he was about to answer. He did not look at me again. You know, I have always wanted a guy to chase after me. I decided that she was a lost case and took my seat. I screamed and just narrowly spun out of his reach. The next few days, however, he left me alone. It was sweet, simple, and I felt myself unconsciously smiling. He bit his lips and was about to leave when I closed the steps between us and hugged him tightly. There was a light flutter of wings and soft bell-like laughter faded into the background. The feeling that I was completely alone seemed to be growing by the minute. I was sitting at the back of the classroom fidgeting with my fingers impatiently. Beside me a boy snored, making me continuously look in that direction. I can't blame them for wanting to talk. Almost as if my prayers had been answered, the bell rang. Time seemed to stop as I watch his shoes get caught on air. I automatically reached out, somehow catching his waist before he could have a disastrous meeting with the floor. Something began to happen. Suddenly lights began to flicker all around me. This light was a little different from the others around me. Something else besides the lanterns joined us in the darkness. The claws reached forward, catching the light on its sharp edges. I had thought of it as a lantern. As the greedy darkness sunk its claws into the most beautiful thing on Earth, I heard screaming. The claws dug deeper. The more that the blood dripped, the more enjoyment I felt. His light went out. I watched as his eyes slowly shut. I stood there with him slumped in my arms. I was immediately disgusted with myself. Actually, that wasn't true at all. At first I thought everyone was playing a huge prank on me. I stayed until after the ambulance came. I still found that there was something wrong with the fact that I need the attention from tragedy. The paramedics had said his heart was fine and his breathing was stable. Was it the fact that his soul was gone? I walked home. When I was ten, it had annoyed me to no ends when people would rudely bump into me. After what seemed like centuries of walking, I made it to my street. I got the keys out of my backpack. My room was a bright yellow. The minute I walked to first floor I could smell Italian food. My dad's blue eyes looked up from what he was cooking. he murmured. I turned away from him, now just noticing my mom walking in and out of the kitchen with her cell phone to her ear. she said in a voice that clearly spoke where her patience was at the moment. She opened her mouth as if to speak, but her obnoxious ring tone filled the room. I sighed wondering briefly if I should wait for the call to end. Same strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes as my mom, She was like my moms copy except she would never become even near as intelligent, and the day she wore glasses or a bun would be when Hell froze over. Our eyes locked and I knew that I shouldn't have come in. She began a rant without even prompting. Lily looked up at me. I was nothing like my siblings or my mom. I continued to stare at the mirror. I glared at the mirror deciding it was where this problem had occurred. I stared at the mirror harder as if I could really get rid of this problem, I did. The glass began to crack. She glared at me. I was at least five feet away from it. Over the years there had been so many things she had said to me. She looked at me blankly. My glare became more intense. Had I done that? For the past couple years I have always been alone, people for no reason seemed repelled by me. I was alone. Hi Everybody! A/N: changed prologue! Nadia had gone all out in her guilt and had fashioned an amazing angel costume for Suzie that looked both sexy and sweet at the same time. A pair of beautiful wings, fashioned from feathers and fluffy material ties, were placed on her back, the fluffy ties winding around her arms and criss-crossing her chest. Suzie looked at herself in the mirror. He stared at her, his eyes widening and his dick rising. he said, his voice turning husky and his sky-coloured eyes turning a darker stormy-blue. Bobby said to the empty room before dressing in a pair of tight leather pants and bagging the rest of his clothes and underwear. Bobby turned to Sue and asked if she wanted a ride home. Suzie giggled as Bobby wheeled the mountain bike out of the shed and out to the street. She laughed and moved to the front of the bike, clutching her dress up to sit on the handle bars, the split revealing even more of her delicate legs. he said quietly as he quickly untied them. She jumped off the bike and Bobby fell over. She started slowly, exploring his mouth, carefully at first, then with growing confidence as he gently responded. she said, withdrawing from him and unlocking her door. Bobby shot awake, sweating in the summer heat (damn his air-conditioner for breaking! Ryan and his younger sister Suzie strode into Jimmy and Bear's house, heading toward the backyard for the pool area. He glanced down at his sister to find her looking longingly over at Bobby. I suppose some people see me. I'm the girl that at home, cusses like a sailor and acts like a jackass. Now, don't get me wrong. Yeah, that's right, I'm the girl dreaming of something I can never have so that I don't have to live my life. :Had she really wanted me to leave? I rolled into my body length pillow and snuggled against it. I cried loudly pulling away from him and falling off my bed. Hysterical. She laughed and walked away. He smiled walking out of the closet and beginning to unbutton his shirt. He did nothing more then scoot a bit so there was more room. A/N This story is being co written by me and brinannathe writer. I woke up and cursed at the cold. After what seemed like hours I finally came to a large looming temple. I awoke in the morning with a sense of dread. everyone said in unison. I pulled open the door to the closet tavern and hurriedly shut it behind me. The work was hard. There was one regular though that frightened me. Chris shivered. Chris warned. I asked sweetly. The voice spoke quietly,  I was at a loss for words. She asked with surprise as the wind started taking the shape of spirits. I replied calmly. She shouted over the howl. I said. I said thoughtfully. she asked obviously pleased with herself. really nice and good at this. Two days ago she had been on a plane for six hours, so she was still pretty exhausted from the trip. And now she was late. Crap. May gulped and suddenly became interested in a piece of tape stuck onto the desk. she said lamely. The rest of the classes passed by slowly; all the teachers did was introduce themselves, go over the rules, hand out textbooks, and then it was pretty much the same for the next class and the class after that. She sat down at a table alone, and began eating her lunch. A girl with straight blond hair and dark brown eyes spoke, setting her tray down on the table on her right side. May shook her head and smiled. Emma said, a little too loudly. May laughed and together they enjoyed the rest of their lunch period, happily chatting away and soon May had made six . May thought that Amy had children, but when she hadn't seen them, she thought that maybe she had misunderstood when her mother had told her that a while ago. a woman's voice said from out in the kitchen. So Allie pulled May up the stairs and lead her to her bedroom. Jason Knight was probably the most well-known singer and actor of their generation. May didn't want to burst the girls' bubble of getting married to him or dating him. Allie and Joey had both been asleep for about an hour now. She still didn't have all of her clothes yet; she packed the clothes she mostly wore but had forgotten to pack more than one pair of pajamas, so Amy had loaned her a pair until the rest of May's clothes were shipped to the house. They were dark blue, and had little penguins all over them. Amy said as she walked into the living room and saw her husband writing. May announced. She stood up and tossed the blanket aside, and headed towards the door. May nearly screamed, but instead she jumped what felt like a foot in the air and the envelopes went flying out of her hand and onto the ground, which was luckily dry. It was Jason Knight. I blushed and turned away. Obviously, there was no way he felt that way about me. I tried to tear my arms out of his grasp, but he did not budge. His arms tightened around me, his warmth radiating towards me. Logan Williams, the bane of my existence. I've known him since I was near the age of five or so. My brothers came over to laugh at me crying (back then they weren't so protective and ing stupid about me) and met Logan. I quickly get out of the car and making my way to the changing rooms. So I'm a jock, I compete in competitions and get very overly competitive. Apparently he was too busy all lunch talking to the coach about basket ball; hmm…if he gets on the team he can play with Gabe, maybe he's already talked to him! You've probably been wondering where my Mum is? I have another brother as well, his name is Bailey, he's twenty and in collage at the moment. I was sitting in the library during lunch time, reading a book for my English class. I jumped. I knew he was silently asking why I was here. he repeated. I demanded. He stuck his hand out over the table and I shook it, a little dazed. The next day I walked into the library a little nervous. He leaned over to grab something by his chair. I sighed and figured there wasn't really a good reason not to tell him. I rolled my eyes and snorted in a not so lady like fashion. He shrugged. I laughed. Emmet said when he saw me walking towards him. I couldn't meet his eyes so I looked at his black band t-shirt instead. I was absolutely miserable sitting in the cafeteria. Anyway, I wasn't miserable because of them. Then the weekend was just as bad. So I rushed through the cafeteria, down the hall, and through the library doors, where I stopped in my tracks when I saw Emmet. Thanks, guys, for reading my first ever story. You've implicitly trusted your parents as a child. So I started to live in denial. This is my story . I woke up at the horrible sound of my sister. Molly my mother. It's sad to see your mother slowly transform into a Palm Beach socialite. She was gone. Alicia had become the perfect Palm-beach socialite. My father had changed as well. I open windows and curtains, letting the warm breeze in. She rested her hands and drummed her perfectly manicured nails on the island. I wondered. I gave my sister a glare and she shuts up. Our High School is gorgeous, well at least I think it's beautiful. There are benches located on the balcony which allows you to sit and stare at the sea for hours. I came from a different background. Like I said, we lived in Maine and I was happy living there. Mom became this shallow socialite and now my sister followed the suit. I saw my friends running towards me. Tanya is half Asian. She had lined her slanted hazel brown eyes with kohl. We have a strange way of showing affection. When David first met us, he was quite shocked at our. David and Tanya have been going out for a year and a half now. I gave Tanya a hug. Tanya asks, curious. Their fame is nothing compared to Aidan's. They're incredibly generous, always donating their time and money to charities. I turned my head away. Okay! I need to get some new friends! It's more like we're just good friends. My sister is surrounded by airheads again. Logan is so… Logan. Logan looks at me, his face full of concern and confusion. He was bald and his eyes were freaky! My sister doesn't say anything. Five minutes later, our parents walked into the office. I challenged. His eyes were begging me. I grabbed my coat and was the first one to step out of the office as my sister stares in shock. I already knew what he was going to say. His finger. I look at my dad and I see hurt in his eyes. Now you're stalking next to me, barking useless comments and swears about how I look right now, how much of an  I'm acting right now. I tell you that, and you stop, curse one last time, and turn around, going back to your idiotic friends. I know, strange as it seems, you like me. And I know some part of you, no matter how far deep into your mind where it lies, is waiting for it to happen. You just don't understand-I. So don't go on dreaming in your sleep that one day, we will be together. That's right, I didn't know you liked me that much before the first time you were red because of me. Hate. It's now Friday. Excuses, excuses. Please. After school, I find you again, sitting on the steps again, though now the only person in sight. I ask you. I tell you. I would never fall for you. I'm a bit surprised. Saturday night, I'm in front of your house. you manage to fluster out, smiling widely. I know what you're doing. you tell me immediately. We arrive at the movie theater and you head on to the entrance, leaving me behind. I set my jaw as you turn around. We go into the concession line, waiting to get movie-snacks. You're not even asking anything about me, about what I like, dislikes, other things. You pick a seat near the front, right where everybody else in the room could see us, if anything, and nothing will, happen. I mutter, sitting down next to you. I stop, regaining thought. you're in full-blown laughing mode now, your face flushed with glee from my suffering. You used the 'hate' thing again. So you got me there, but that doesn't matter. For the next half hour, we sit quietly, watching the, God forbid, actually funny, to the slight, movie. The only thing I didn't expect was you to turn to me, gape, and shake my arm off. It was so awkward the next hour, as we both sat there, silent. It wasn't just sad, but really sad. I told you lamely, sitting back in my seat. Hell with it, I didn't give a damn. I leaned in, closer to you, so I could hear you soft words. you whispered, and sidestepped away from my lips, strutting away suddenly, leaving me. You tricked me. And, what's worse, I fell for you. But I'm also the one who's going to get you back. Ash chuckled. Reilly said. She stuffed the money still clenched in her hand into the front of her black apron and sank onto a stack of empty milk crates. Normally, Ash loved the sound of so many people moving around her, loved knowing she could walk outside at virtually any time of the day or night and be embraced by the anonymity of city life. Reilly reminded her. Ash pulled her purse from where she had wedged it behind a stack of coffee mugs that morning. When Reilly refused to give her privacy, Ash turned her back on her co-worker and pushed her way back into the alley. Reilly paused mid-step, her eyes widening. Ash rolled her eyes and shook her head. Reilly shrugged as she scooped ice into two glasses. Cold blue eyes snapped toward Ash. Ash told him, breathlessly. The smooth click of hard-soled shoes against tiled floor cracked like a gunshot through the air. Ash stepped into the rush of afternoon foot traffic, weaving her way down the sidewalk and away from the diner. she growled. Kaleb snorted contemptuously and snatched the paper out of her hand. He eyed it with a frown and then balled up the protection order and let it fall to the floor. But uncertainly. Kaleb assured her. Ash shook her head, the despair welling up in her throat making her mute. With an almost careless motion, Kaleb shoved her away from him. Kaleb had the gall to look mildly distressed. Ash hated this part. Kaleb fell over backward, knocked off balance by the force of her blow. The multiple locks on her door cost her precious seconds. Just as she turned the key in the last lock, she looked up. a voice snapped. Ash's ear was glued to the door. A soft knock made Ash's eyes fly open and her heart jump into her throat. Ash touched her lip with the tips of her fingers, scowling when she pulled them away and saw blood. Ash pushed her door gently shut, flipped the locks again and let her forehead fall against the thick wood. she muttered, looking at herself in the mirror. She jammed a piece of toilet paper onto her busted lip after washing the blood from her mouth and chin. As she settled onto the couch, her phone rang. Ash chuckled tiredly. Before Ash could thank her again, Reilly hung up. The slim black phone next to her began to sing, a less rambunctious melody this time. Something rustled in Ash's ear and she caught the tail end of a deep laugh. So! Any day that involved closing a case or, at least, any day that didn't involve opening another, was a good day. Pat, his boss had called him, not O'Neil. To pass the time, Pat studied the photographs in Bill's office. Pat turned his attention from the pictures to the matching pair of four-tiered, wrought iron filing shelves. Confirmation of what he'd suspected. As he drove to Bill's house, he decided that an evening with his boss and his witty wife was the perfect medicine for his ailments. He followed her through the house to the back deck. Pat would love to meet Bill's niece someday. With a sigh, Pat stepped outside after Mary and forcefully cleared his mind. If Mary noticed how his voice hitched on the last word, she didn't say anything. Mary went back inside, leaving them to talk. The look Bill gave him––brows lifted, mouth flat––silenced him. Bill pulled the manila envelope out of his bag and handed it to Pat. Inside was what appeared to be a criminal file, but less… official. Pat said. Pat sat back in his chair, stunned. Mary's return with dinner brought an end to their head-spinning conversation. Pat nodded and tucked the file under his arm. Catching sight of the pan flute on top of the small television, he walked over and picked it up. As he climbed into bed and tucked the blankets around himself to ward off any lingering tensions of Sara, he discovered something. Aeli set the cordless phone back in its cradle and glanced at her friend. It was June's off-handed comment about Luke's reaction to first seeing the valley that had made her decide to come out here, and until she'd arrived six months ago, she hadn't realized just how much she'd needed to come here. June's tendency toward always being right was sometimes very aggravating, Aeli mused, but it was also nice to be slapped with the truth now and again. June smiled and pulled her fingers through the boy's blond hair. June smirked. The boy nodded and leapt off the couch. The flood of maternal warmth surprised Aeli, but June's admission didn't. Living on the mountain with June just down the hill was wonderful, like old times when it was just two best friends having fun. She picked up the phone she'd abandoned moments ago and June's Northstar directory. Stubbornly, Aelissm straightened her spine and refused to give in to her wild thoughts. She nodded, then dialed Aaron Hammond. Aeli smiled. After nineteen years of friendship, she didn't have to ask what June was talking about. They climbed in June's new, sand-colored pickup and drove up to Aeli's cabin so she could grab her bathing suit. The message ended and Aeli stared at the machine. Twenty minutes later, Aelissm slid into the soothing embrace of hot water in the Ramshorn's larger pool. June joined her on the stairs and they watched Luke swim around for a while, silent. Obediently, Luke swam back to the shallow end. Aelissm enjoyed herself more than she would have imagined and slowly, she felt the tension easing out of her muscles. Gerard was going to die. He tried to swallow, but his mouth was parched. Beside him, something suddenly stirred. Elspeth? Did he detect a hint of smugness to her words? he demanded. He'd be damned if he did such a thing. The doors to the chambers were suddenly flung open. Elspeth interjected. Gerard spun his head in her direction, ignoring the pain it caused. Gerard looked at McKinley with speechless exasperation. McKinley stroked his salt and pepper beard thoughtfully, the redness fading from his face. Elspeth muttered her assent. Gerard stood up. She felt small, delightful arrows of pleasure shoot up her body from his deep voice. He finished dressing and exited her chambers feeling more cross than ever. The threat, so painfully and clearly framed, gave Gerard pause. what its numerical value was. Must. help. this time. side, curious. face and on top of my head. But I couldn't hide this time. I glared at my sister and turned back to my Seventeen Magazine that I was reading before. She began blushing. Amethyst exclaimed. Amethyst called out. Amethyst scoffed. My mom smiled. After running through the main floor, I took one of the two stairs up, taking the spiral steps on the back side of the house to the top floor. She asked. Penelope glared at me. I trailed off and walked back out into the hallway. So, a new story by tootsie. eight yearsa story by madforfigs (10. He suddenly said, slamming his head down on the surface. I could only imagine the disgrace he was feeling. When I had gotten an invitation to my eight year high school reunion, I wasn't too sure if I wanted to go. The reunion itself was… dull… to say in the least. My best friend of twenty years, Gina Watson, said, punching my arm lightly. She grinned, hooking an arm through mine as she began pulling me out of the booth. We sat down at the bar as I ordered a glass of ice water, as did Gina. Sadly enough, I had accepted a proposition from that particularly annoying jock and missed out on what could potentially be a great time to catch up with my best friend. Uh… what? I scoffed and pushed myself back up quickly, everything spinning in circles around me. To top it off, two years ago he had led the developing team to its first playoffs. Marcus had a similar, but not as awe-inspiring post high school story as Jace. While Marcus wasn't as academically gifted, he was just as athletically capable of everything Jace was. Gina said, flicking her wrist absently in the air. Gina laughed and patted my head lightly. I crossed my legs and leaned forward, pulling my cellphone out of my clutch. I sighed and slammed the phone back down on the bar. Don't get me wrong, I was never close with him. In general, it was impossible to not take a second glance at a man like Marcus during the school day and on the football field, even back in high school. I retorted blandly, finishing the last bit of my water. I was awarded with his heart melting smile, the smile that captivated millions of female fans across the nation. Not asking for my permission, he reached over and grabbed my smartphone from my hands. Marcus responded, holding his hand up in the air as he snapped his fingers. God, if I thought Marcus Clay was a damn good looking guy, I had zero words to describe what Jace Hartman was. Jace was standing next to Marcus, donning a dark gray suit. Jace shrugged and pushed open the bottom of his jacket and shoved his hands into his pockets. Unfortunately, Jace didn't know that and apparently didn't appreciate it when people interrupted his conversations. He finally brought his eyes back onto me as he stared intensely at me. But was I complaining? Maybe it was the alcohol that emboldened me, or maybe it was just because Jace Hartman was standing in front of me, looking sexy as hell. I rolled my eyes and pushed myself off the stool. At some point during our back and forth, Marcus had flitted over to another group of friends that was more than happy to accept him into their conversation. I retorted. We walked in silence out of the hotel, ignoring the stares that we were getting from our fellow classmates. The hotel doorman held the door open for us, bidding us good night as he hailed a taxi for us. He replied with a short laugh, throwing an arm over my shoulder. At this point in my life, not only was it necessary to start focusing on my career but also my personal life. Jace insisted that he pay for the taxi ride and eventually shoved twenty dollars at the driver, pushing me towards the door. He followed me out of the cab, keeping his hand around my lower body. I sighed and begrudgingly thrust my clutch at Jace who was laughing the entire time I struggled to find them. He said, holding the door open for me. I pulled out a Poland Spring bottle and turned around, only to slam straight into Jace. I sucked in a breath, my heart rate immediately doubling from the closeness of our bodies. He replied, sliding his arm around my waist as he pushed me up against his hips. I couldn't deny it anymore, but I didn't want to give in this easily. With that said, I finally gathered the strength to push him back and walk away. The apartment was deathly silent right now so I could only assume that Jace had slipped out the door in the past few seconds after I had so obviously rejected him. The moment I stepped into the hall, I saw Jace opening my front door. I said, all but ignoring what he had just said, also ignoring the voice in the back of my head telling me to just let him out of my apartment without another glance. He furrowed his brow, probably wondering what I was saying. One of his hands wrapped around my waist, the other gripping my hair tightly, effectively tipping my head back so that my lips would part. He whispered in my ear, lightly biting down on my earlobe. He didn't respond to my comment about his womanizing so I knew I had hit gold. I said quietly after a moment, his body immediately tensing up under my fingers. At my words, he put a hand on me and gently pushed me back. My breath hitched at his words, knowing how true they were. He repeated, taking a few steps back away from me. My life is bad right now. I can't force myself to write right now. Now a few things about the story: 1) The New York Hawks are not a real team. Oh, and if you couldn't figure it out. Author's note: I'm going to be reposting the chapters after finally getting around to editing all the typos and grammatical errors. Sid stood there in the dirty bathroom of the train station staring at her self in the grimy mirror. Sid started combing her knots out with her fingers so that it would be easier to cut through her thick hair. Sid looked at the woman carefully. Steve's smirk turned into a vindictive smile making the atmosphere of the room turn from light-hearted banter to complete mischief. Sid looked down confused. Sid looked at her brother and took his hand in hers. Sid turned around slowly. Sid allowed herself one more glance in the mirror before they left. The screeching, the voice that immediately sent the girl out of her stories and into reality. At that, she dusted off the soot from her apron and started her way into the main room, where she was hearing the shouts coming from. She did a curtsey to her unimpressed stepmother. Demanded Isodara. She lied, not wanting her stepmother to know of her books. Gabrielle stood there, feeling a bit ignored, but she supposed it was a good thing. The girl tried not to think of it so negatively. Miss Goose was the dress maker and the best in town. Gabrielle was secretly amused at the fight that was starting between her sisters, but kept any grins to herself. Her stepmother broke her thoughts by slipping a piece of paper into her hand and Gabrielle looked down on it to see it was designs for the dresses that she wanted Miss Goose to make. and she slipped the paper into her apron pocked. As she entered the kitchen, she felt something furry brush up against her ankle. The black cat meowed back at her. "I know Astrid, but you know my stepmother. She then left the kitchen and into the bright sunlight. The blonde girl wavered from her path a bit, and came to a river bank. She quickly moved from the river bank and unto dry land; where she dried the pebble with her apron. She came to the cross roads and in the center was a plague of a woman with a torch in each hand and she was surrounded by dogs. She rose from her bowing position and smiled at the image of the Goddess. She loved town, the people, smells, and just the life that existed in it. Suddenly, Gabrielle thoughts were interrupted by a bump to her side. He looked up to her with sincere brown eyes. She said, with a nod,  And pray he doesn't get caught by the prince. She bent to kiss him on her forehead. The blonde turned to see a ginger girl, with a handkerchief tied over her hair exiting the bakery. She looked at the blonde girl for a moment and nodded. Asked, the bakery girl. pressed the Ginger girl,  Gabrielle thought, swearing on your patron God or Goddess was a serious matter. The ginger thanked her and went back to the bakery; leaving Gabrielle to wonder what that was about. Gabrielle thanked her and said goodbye, feeling excited at getting to earn money and possibly another book. She happily made her way out of the village, however as she passed the crossroads; she heard the sound of hooves. tears were threatening to come out of his eyes. A/N: Ignore the sprelling and grammar mistakes. Try as she might, Kelli knew she couldn't keep ignoring Dylan. Slowly, Kelli turned her head, not wanting the teacher to take notice. Dylan shot her a quick knowing smile. For her own sake, she was glad he hadn't figured it out. It was humiliating to think that she had fallen into the realm of unrequited love. Oh, damn, him! Kelli looked up seeing Jennifer turned in her seat glowering at them. An excuse! His shoulders only shook harder as a result. After the bell rang, Kelli rushed out the door wanting to avoid Dylan for the moment. No, instead she had to make a mad dash to her locker, grab her stuff and then run all the way back to the parking lot to catch the bus. Oh, God, did this mean her crush was getting worse? Kelli wracked her brain for any piece of information that might help jog her memory. She slapped her forehead closing her eyes. The person she forgot to buy a present would be Dylan's eight year old little sister, Shannon. She reveled in the feel of having Dylan's arms wrapped around her. Kelli knew that wasn't true though. Currently, Kelli was standing in the girls' toy isle for twelve year olds and younger, hemming and hawing over what to buy Shannon. She couldn't hide the smirk that formed on her lips as she browsed through the displays. Kelli bent over looking at one of the toy ponies on a lower shelf. He seemed to be focused on something at her level or just below it. Dylan shook his head. Oh, God she thought. He stopped and for a moment she thought he was actually going to listen to her. She snorted in retaliation. Kelli didn't bother answering. Kelli collapsed in a kitchen chair across from Sherry Brower, Dylan and Shannon's mom. Kelli answered. Kelli went up the stairs and knocked on Shannon's door before entering. Were the two responses that she received from everyone. Everything started off just as harmless as Kelli assumed it would. Of course once they got back to the game the subject matter started to change. What if they asked her who she had a crush on? A large grin spread across Shannon's innocent young face, making it look less… innocent. Kelli on the other hand was not calm. Kelli paused in the middle of her mental rant and looked at the expectant faces staring back at her. As Kelli walked down the hall to Dylan's room she found her courage slipping. Kelli's nerves started to form a knot in the pit of her stomach and her hand trembled when she lifted it to knock on his door. he replied. Dylan wasn't wearing a shirt and his shorts were slung low on his hips. she corrected, feeling like an idiot. Kelli's hands automatically gripped his upper arms, holding on to him tightly just incase he tried to back away. Her eyes closed the second her lips made contact with his. The soft, warmth of his lips pressed against her own had her fighting the impulse to kiss him harder. Dylan's arms move under her grip. It took one very long minute for Kelli to fully process everything Dylan had said. He shrugged his shoulders, an innocent look on his face. Kelli felt that familiar heat rushing back to her face. My mother said that it helps me think, but it doesn't really. To anyone in the hall, I must've looked like a crazed lunatic, pacing with a box full of my prized possessions in front of a run down apartment door. Sighing inaudibly to myself, I shuffled forward to the door. I set my box on the stained carpets beside the door, and opened it, setting my sleeping bag gently on the carpet, like it was worth millions. After I had finished, I pulled out my rusted wok, and brought it into the kitchen. I dumped some of the cinnamon into the wok, and set the stove on low. I knew I'd be starting school the next day. It sucked, how I had to go in to the education district office the day before, so they could formally test my abilities. Anyway, they said I was at a grade twelve level. I've never been to school before in my life, and quite frankly, I'm terrified. After she must have seen my confused face, she explained that I go to the office, which is usually located at the front of the school. Sighing to myself, I placed the rest of the items in their previously designated spots, before heading out the door. Besides, getting paid the same as the illegal immigrants was lucky. A car zipped by, tossing her stringy auburn hair across her face as she stared at the road. There along the center line of the sticky hot asphalt marked a gory sight. She'd never been fond of cats in general, but he'd somehow convinced her. It was Hunter squished into the road. Shifting on bare feet she pulled out her cell phone and contemplated it for a moment. She slipped the phone back into the pocket of her rolled up jeans and stood there, waiting. He braved the lessening traffic to quickly grab what was left of Hunter, using gloves to gently place him in a box they found in the shed. When all was said and done she stood staring down at the small mound of dirt. She murmured quickly, thankful for the escape to her kitchen. She handed him the glass, hoping he wouldn't notice her trembling fingers, and sat a safe distance away three steps up. Suddenly he stood and moved up the three steps to where she sat, settling down beside her with a sigh. The times she spoke to Hunter had been an experiment. There was an inevitability in the air, passing over the evening breeze and sweeping through her auburn hair. In the morning she thought she might have regretted her decision, but she felt no remorse. She listened, strained to hear what it was he was hearing. Author's Note: I'm alive! A/N: I've had this for awhile. There was a long pause, time seemed to slow as I watched Mana-Tapper Yatson fall with half of his chest burned and smoldering. shouted my second-in-command, Sword-Fighter November, running over to the boy. I told Magic-Technician Alfred. he repeated shakily. There was silence. As a captain, I knew this only too well. his green eyes met my own green ones. With that he took the left road to a tavern where beer was cheap enough to meet a soldier's salary and the women were not toothless and chunky. B.A.N.G: Battle Acuity Native Guard. What were we targeting? In our world, there was a balance of technology and magical properties. Magic-tech was produced when technology could be powered by large amounts of harvested natural magic residing from the earth's gaia force. I entered the building, feeling a rush of icy air bombard me. Gilke ordered before nodding and marching out. The training room was more like another building. There were trees, grass, and shrubs; there was even a small lake that was twenty feet deep. He was probably in his early twenties. The new MT wore his uniform: dark brown battle-style pants with black lace-up shitkickers (tan leather boots if you don't know), a brown cotton tank, and the MT-issued black vest with the symbol for the rank he was in. The man looked up when he heard me. he asked in that monotone voice. With a curt nod, he set down the folder on the bench and marched until he was a certain distance from his target. he said, hand shading his eyes in the salute. He nodded and picked up the folder he was reading. The next morning, I was twenty minutes early. he said. Autumn had his arm twisted behind him and pressed against the wall. Alfred whispered to me, staring over at Autumn. I couldn't help it, I laughed and so did November. Autumn stared at me for a few seconds before putting his eyes back to the window. I have yet to see him show any emotion except hidden anger. he said with a salute and took a seat. The team was almost ready to fall asleep when a giant lurch shattered any thought of resting. Autumn instructed. mumbled Dillon, using the mana-tracker to pinpoint the stream. Pieces of loose supplies flew out and his hair flapped madly about because the tie came loose. I yelled through a cupped hand. Taking a risk, I slammed my hand on the hatch control and the door came up. he said, finally controlling his breathing and trying to remove himself from my shoulder. I smirked at him when his eyes did a scan of the group. We landed on the outskirts of a neutral desert city called Nanlou. A/N: Got to love stoic guys with unintentional sarcasm. Jealousy Best Served DeviousKaylee loves Ryder, who's dating Celeste, Tyler's ex. Some people suffer for art. For those of you who don't know, Ryder Jefferson is perfection. Pathetic, yes. Every teen movie out there has an ordinary girl falling for a hot, popular jock storyline. Age 11 and nine months- Meet Ryder for the first time. Age 12- Invite Ryder to my very first co-ed party. Age 12 and two days- Hear from a mutual friend that Ryder thinks I'm a freak because of the whole party incident. Age 12 and three days- Apology accepted. Age 12 and five months- Ryder doesn't show for school. Age 12 and five months to age 13 and six months- Pine over my heartbreaking loss. Age 13 and seven months- Tall, hot guy enters our class. Age 14 and one month- Audition for the female lead in school play because Ryder is the male lead. Age 14 and two months- Have first kiss (alas, not with Ryder). Age 14 and four months- Try to impress Ryder and his boys with a shallow dive at the community pool. Age 14 and seven months- Ryder asks me to be is study buddy. Age 15- Ryder brings his girlfriend to my birthday party. Age 15 and two months- Tired of me mooning around the house listening to 'The one I gave my heart to' by Aaliyah, mom sets me up with the pizza delivery boy. Age 15, ten months and 5 days- Throw out all my unappealing clothes and hit the mall to revamp my wardrobe and wow Ryder. Age 15, ten months and 6 days- Apologize again. Age 17- Become Ryder's lab partner. Shelley thinks that my 'obsession' with Ryder isn't healthy, but I say it's not unhealthy if it's love. And I'm not obsessive. A father sat in his luxury office chair, smoking an imported cigar and raising a glass of brandy as he and his middle son toasted the New Year. They're perfect for each other, he thought as he examined Garrett's perfectly tailored suit, barely touched glass and unlit cigar. He sighed. Mr. Bruer put down his glass and smiled at his son, bracing himself for a bad reaction. A father sat on his Harley, looking around his workshop, deep in thought. He didn't feel like celebrating the beginning of a new year. His mind drifted back to the party he had just left and a wave of sadness washed over him. He was more angry that she had hidden her life from him. he said, patting the bonnet of a car beside him. She was the glue that held their family together. He sighed and looked out at the dark street. I SHOVED THE LAST piece of furniture in place and fell back in an exhausted heap on my king-sized bed. Naturally, my parents questioned my mental health when I dropped the bomb that I was moving to New York – as luck would have it, we had relatives in every state but the one I chose to live in. When we hung up, I felt slightly less lonely. I don't know what possessed me to browse through the personals online, but I found my cursor hovering over  on a popular site similar to Craig's List. It was the  that sold me. Dear Sir, I began to type, then stopped. I'm responding to your ad for a female companion. I hesitated. What the hell, I thought, and clicked  as is. Sadly, it was mostly the latter. I scrolled down the list of personal ads, and smiled slowly as a thought came to me. By midnight, I had booked two dates for the following day and the Wednesday after that. When I finally turned in for the night, I was giddy with anticipation. Note: Though this story is not a sequel, it takes place in the some world as one of my other stories, Bind Me to Your World. ENJOY! The two figures were now close enough for the night to reveal their faces. Nearly all of the castle residents had gone to their beds when a messenger arrived at the outer gate telling of the two fishermen who had survived trouble on the water and would be bringing a prize to their queen. Calder shared a frown with Emera. While the fishermen justified their actions to their queen, Calder moved to look inside the cart. The prisoner's hands were bound together, most likely to keep it from striking out. Unable to tell if the creature was still alive, Calder reached out in search of a pulse. The first things Calder noticed in the captive's new pose were the eyes; even in the moonlight, he could see their deep purple color darting between the captors' faces. No lady in her most elegant gown could have matched the creature's beauty. To avoid appearing aggressive to the merman, Calder reached slowly and cautiously for the injured arm, but again, just as his fingers brushed his skin, the merman jerked away. Due to surprise from what he noticed next, Calder was unable to respond. After placing the merman on the bed, Calder elicited the help of one of the maids who he trusted would not spill rumors about the strange guest. Calder leaned over the merman and started to clean the wound on his arm and the blood trail it left behind. Wetting a cloth with water, Calder wiped the heat from the man's face. With his naked body exposed, it was very apparent the merman was male, especially with legs instead of a tail. After cleaning up the supplies, Calder sat on the bed, leaned forward and placed his hand on the merman's forehead. Calder pulled back his hand and was caught by the purple hue of the irises. Calder suspected the cause for the strange behavior. Purple eyes narrowed in concentration, steadily examining the full length of Calder's legs. It was as though the merman didn't hear him, or just chose to ignore him. Calder brought the cup close to the merman's mouth, but not close enough to make him feel like he was being forced. Unsure what was being asked, Calder paused before speaking. Once again the merman reached for him. Though taken aback, Calder was not urged to pull away when he felt soft lips press against his. that it was 'inhuman' to boot. Four years. self had been wonderfully corrupted by her online group of gal friends. fart. "Ok. own, but Jim and Terry had noone left. law when needed and keep her brothers on the right track. "Jim! Jim was up. nice with the yuppies next door. fighting back the urge to laugh wildly. "He's been in a few things. think. "OH! guy in it? "Yeah. "Oh my God, yes! confidentiality clause. I wasn't that excited about it. 'Oh no' was my first reaction. Mother found the twins. None of us had been expecting anything like that. My father was shocked and my mother was terrified. Jamie, his quiet brother, followed him around without even looking, not to speak about talking, to anyone. They were problem children, though it wasn't a surprise with their background. As it was clear from the very beginning, things went horribly wrong in our family. My father leaving made me angry. It was a very slow process, but I can remember how it all started. I finally spoke. That moment I realized the whole dread of the situation. What kind of ing monster am I? I didn't. Instead I left and went to the kitchen. I didn't usually cook, but well, it wasn't as hard as I thought it would be. It had been fifteen minutes since I talked to the twins. They followed me to the kitchen and I served them fried eggs with corn-pea-macaroni in soy sauce. As I said, it happened slowly. Emery was running his mouth all the time, I was called all the names he could come up with and regularly he threw stuff at me, like books and plates. I spend an increasingly large amount of time with them and took care of increasingly many things concerning them, like their school, clothes, food and limits. And just like that, little by little, I started to love them, wholly and unconditionally, like a parent. The best of it was that they started to love me back. In the beginning the twins seemed so different that it was almost funny they had identical looks, but as time went by I learned that they were really alike. I never forgot that. We've come a long way. Disclaimer: I am the creator and the storyteller. Madison Parker was one of those people who liked to stay on the sideline and people-watch. Therefore, although she shared a number of classes with Asher Greaves, she never really had much to do with him. They hadn't talked once, if one discounts that polite   when they had bumped into each other in the library in the first few weeks of starting College. In fact, they probably would have gotten through College with that one exchange as the only time they had conversed with the other, had Nina Drew's boyfriend not been hunting Asher down with his team mates in a fit of jealous rage after Asher and Nina had…well, you know. Tuesday morning dawned mild and slowly warming. Madison groaned in agony and curled up into a tighter ball beneath her duvet. Around her were used up tissues that were scattered everywhere and a large mug of halls soothing lemon drink for sore throats and itchy coughs was left by her bed to cool off. Pulling the bed covers further up her body and tucked snugly under her chin, Madison sniffled miserably. Madison sighed dejectedly and closed her tired eyes. It didn't take long before sleep claimed her. Staring around her room for a while, the bang didn't come again. The naked guy seemed to be shaken by Madison's terrifying war cry and scrambled to his feet, yanking on something that was caught on the edge of the windowsill. There was a pained grunt and Madison felt a temporary flash of smug satisfaction that she had managed to hit her target without even looking. A hairbrush narrowly missed the guy's face and sailed out the window to land on some unsuspecting fool's head two-story's below. Madison's hand finally closed around something large and heavy. The stranger hissed, grabbing the tiny fists that were trying to pummel him and holding them down to the mattress with little effort required. Okay. Madison huffed in indignation. Madison's eyes once again narrowed to cat-like slits. Madison just gave the hand a puzzled look (she felt a little disgusted, too. Asher intoned cheerfully as he let his hand slide away. Madison spluttered as she shakily got to her feet. Madison opened her mouth to unleash a particularly scathing retort about Asher's own state of dress (or lack thereof) when a wave of dizziness hit her and she nearly ended up face first on the floor. 3. Madison felt physically sick, red heat spreading across her cheeks like fire for the hundredth time that day. And Asher was just staring over his shoulder. Elissa ran through her black cropped hair nervously. Although she was a girl, what she lacked in strength, she made up for speed and agility. But Kevin caught the brief exchange between the two. She yelled before she fell. Elissa felt Kevin's muscular abs under his white tank top. Wait - WHAT WERE THEY DOING! Ryan and Zach called out. Elissa blushed. Elissa rolled her eyes and got up. Kevin grinned, lighting up his handsome face. Elissa's heart skipped a beat. Slowly, she felt her face heating up again. It was going to rain. Elissa struggled to hold her books as she cut across the courtyard to her classroom. Elissa had some trouble holding down her skirt. Suddenly, she caught sight of a tall figure, Kevin Tyler, in front, one of the hottest seniors in school. The wind ruffled his soft auburn hair, and he tried to press it down with his hand. Just then, he saw her. Suddenly, the wind streaked under her legs, but as Elissa's hand had loosened her hold on her skirt, it flared up, revealing her pink undies and slim thighs. The boys halted in their tracks and cocked one eyebrow up, wolf whistling at her. A week later, the school newsletter was out. Kevin Tyler always irked her. She threw down her backpack and flopped on the bed. A/n: Okay! I own them! means perfectly straight and highlighted either. used to read about the presidents all the time". up my cheeks. settled over me once more. me! That being said, if you attempt to plagiarize any of my work, I will find you. So. I quickly held on to the rough surface of the wall to prevent myself from tumbling down the carpeted stairs. My jaw dropped as an army of tall, broad-shouldered boys wearing Dreyson Dragons sweaters rushed past me and towards the front row seats. Ah, heck. The school director says the same thing every year. My other pokemons are all level three. I instinctively covered my ears as the girls around me began leaping to their feet and howling like rabid, crack-whore hyenas. Ugh. The angry squeal of microphone feedback told me that Jameson Xavier Sterling had conquered the stage and had taken the microphone. I will even agree with you that he is quite the male specimen. Yeah. Class President. Oh. My blood instantly froze. Crap. So sue me. Just enough to read books. Um… He called my name to… get my attention? Wait, what? Maybe a ghost possessed him? Oh, the daily snide,  insults. Oh, mighty Cthulhu. Great. No way that confession was real. The weather was gorgeous. Behind her, she heard cheerful whistling. Even as she hated him fiercely, she was still entirely too aware of the fact that he was gorgeous. She didn't turn around to face him. Slowly, ever so slowly, she lowered herself so she could sit on the deck. They wouldn't accept the blame. Florence had worked in that antique shop both part time and fulltime until she graduated from the University of Toronto with a BA in journalism. Her job pretty much entailed receiving a paparazzi photograph and making a juicy story to go along with it. Although she had been working fulltime, she didn't make as much as she could for the simple reason that too often her stories were considered not edgy enough. However, living in LA was expensive, more so than living in Toronto. Lastly, she had hinted at an affair between two costars in an upcoming romantic comedy. What made this story worse was the disintegration of Wong's engagement that coincided with the printing of the issue that held Florence's article. That week Florence, new to L.A., had her first interaction with a bonafide Hollywood star. You're still sleeping? and. we'd be late at school again, because of me. universe just worked against me. disaster, or. smiled sheepishly. middle of the cafetaria. wasn't very happy with Tom either at the time. Well. your shoes. The wrong came out way too loud. are without a doubt the most. their bad hygiene. Anderson? impossible little sarcastic. "Well. no. let you keep half of it"? slapped his arm. Mickey were partially undressed with hands roaming all over. he ditches his flavour of the week, ten days, whatever. relationships either. God. here it is. He took her hand and then pulled her into a hug. She turned from the sad sight and looked into his miserable gaze. The alarm suddenly rang shrilly in my ear. that was Agnes, my roommate. Agnes and I shared an apartment. Joshua Arnold O'Brien was the love of my life. After combing my hair and slipping into a pair of sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, I grabbed the key to his door off my dresser and left to visit. The strong aroma of coffee drifted through the air, along with the sweet smell of waffles and syrup. his voice was almost too soft to hear, but the walls were paper thin. I heard her reply and swallowed my suddenly dry throat. The tray I was holding crashed to the ground. he said softly. the woman asked, her voice husky from lovemaking. I slammed the door and leaned against it. I shook my head, even as the tears filled my eyes. I wailed into her shoulder. I didn't want to move. The darkness surrounded me, calmed me, and nursed my pain. Agnes stepped into the room carrying a plate and a cup. The rain fell hard against my windshield, disguising the night around my car. But wasn't that the whole point of me coming out here? I understood why I had to go. I look like my mom, I have the same fiery red hair, the same blue eyes that changed depending on what I was wearing, the same heart-shaped face. I was what you'd call a tomboy. All of which disgusted my grandmother. I squinted at a turn-off, trying to read the sign. It wasn't until I was down the road that I felt the car sputter. I climbed out into the pouring rain and pulled up my hood and the car's. It looked like I would be sleeping on the back seat. I hurried back down the road to the driveway and started the trek up to the door. I rang the doorbell, shivering and rubbing my arms to get some warmth. This guy didn't own the house? He butler cleared his throat, the signal for me to stop gawking, and led me through to a room with an expensive looking telephone. That would've startled anyone else, but she didn't scare me. He thought I was a gold digger? He stood. I took his outstretched hand, and expected a shake, but he raised my hand to his lips. He walked past me, heading for the stairs. wildly swirling snow. apparently lacking. bizarre way, you are. Quentin confirmed. This is a work of fiction. It was now, awake and melancholic in the gloom, I wondered about who had this room before me. My best and closest friend since the first week of college, four and a bit years ago. I don't care at all about him shoving the papers out of the way. With a deft move of my thumb I reft my earphones out of my mp3 player's speaker jack. Kristian exhales wearily, staring blankly at the ceiling, lips set in a thin line. I could walk the length from my door to the opposite wall if my room in three large steps, the width even narrower. I didn't really care about the size of the room much, it was only for a year and then I could justify having a life (and bed) again. I state matter-of-factly without accusation. Kristian frowns but says nothing, just exhales heavily. He lifts the pillow from his stomach and rotates it in his hands. Compared to me, he's a god among men. Kristian pushes himself up with one hand. An ironclad grip holds my neck and jaw. I'm startled beyond measure, but as he dominates my body, my unconsciousness dominates my will. Author's Note: Enjoy. shit,  me you asshole. anita darling © September 2011 – presentTowels and SheetsFULL SUMMARY:She was far from a social butterfly and suffered from diagnosed obsessive-compulsive disorder. I tucked my high heels away in my wardrobe and hung up my dress. I slipped on my Crocs and walked back out of my room and down the hall to the communal bathroom. What didn't please my mother was my lack of boyfriend and sexual relationships:  Me? I heard someone say outside of my room early that morning. I waited in line for the shower for what felt like hours, but was in fact, thirty-two minutes and forty seconds. For the next hour, everything ran smoothly, because I was behind my usual schedule, there was no one about to bother me with anything. So what if I looked like a mess? He smiled back and everything was good as I scribbled away with my BIC four-colour, 0. My face literally went up in flames – or it felt like it did. said the friend. I picked up my notes and took them with me as I left the lecture theatre. a girl said. I replied, a little nervous. I said quietly and not at all firmly, but my cheeks reddened. She reached out and took my hand, only to scribble on my palm with a pink biro. As soon as I walked up the front steps and inside, all I could hear was one of the first-years blasting  by Dizzee Rascal through their top-notch stereo. a voice murmured after almost an hour of summarisation. I repeated, dumbstruck. It was lunchtime on Monday, and I was back at our building with Alexandra, planning our attack in the dining room. The only thing was that I couldn't actually put my plan into action until Friday night when everyone left the dorm and went down to the uni bar. The building was quiet as a mouse, though it squeaked every time I took a step. I got up and slipped out into the hallway. It didn't take long, and I didn't run into anyone while I hung them up on all four floors of our building. In the shower, I scrubbed and I scrubbed, I washed my hair, soaped all over, shaved my legs and armpits, brushed my teeth twice and then conditioned my hair too. It was too early when someone started bashing their fists against my door. I turned my attention to the guy in my room. he said, crossing his arms over his chest. I pinched myself, an action that reminded me that I was wearing only a tank top and my Bonds boyshorts. I cannot believe that I just said that. Actions speak louder than words, said my mother in her romance-wisdom voice. Just a one shot I decided to do for  for her Ridiculously Happy Oneshots Contest. -- Has to be a One Shot-- Has to be more than 2500 words-- The main pairing must be het (boy/girl)-- The story must be Ridiculously Happy ( Yes, all entries will be entered into my C2). Being from a small town, and coming from the loins of a drunkard who could not save money if his life depended on it, I had never left my county. I heard a drawl from behind me. he said with a smirk. I told him seriously, I saw his jaw slack a little bit before I turned around and gave my attention back to my friends. I deadpanned. he said. he said sounding a little miffed he then shook his head and changed his mind about what he was going to say. I turned my head over my shoulder and waved coquettishly to the man behind me. I bought a hot dog with all the toppings except for onions, yuck, onions should be illegal I say. He asked with a smile. he said, nodding his head. he said and stole a fry from me. I said stuffing four fries in my mouth at a time to prove my point. He asked. he said with another lovely laugh. I said with a grin. He asked. he said. I said excitedly. he said. he agreed as we got to the line. I explained. I agreed as we got to the front of the line. he hesitated before continuing on. I said with a laugh. I told him with a smile. I'd never been on a date before. I told him. He said good naturedly. Rarely did I get sufficient time to warn someone that a minor malady was about to befall them. I'd been hoping that the elusive 'something' he'd referred to would be something meaty that I could really build on. And why should I be so desperate to hear negative things about my friend's girlfriend you might ask? I mean Phyllis, what the hell? The setting for Phyllis's and my first date (as Will had repeatedly asked me to stop calling it) was a local cafe, all organic produce and ever so slightly judgemental wait staff with dreadlocks. Oh and she was pretty, of course she was. I responded politely as I buried my nose into what appeared to be a haunch of lamb's family tree. The snooty hippy asked, looking disdainfully down at us as if daring us to admit we had no idea what half the items on the menu actually were. Although, hang on, I glanced at Will and saw that he was looking at me and smiling fondly. One moment I had a vague sort of unease about the success of her and Will's relationship and then – BAM! It came to me in the same way that I sensed all other hurts. Realising how we must look, heads bent together, fingers entwined, I released Will and tried to turn my body away from his into a less intimate posture. Agggggggges ago I promised someone that I would name a character for her in thanks for her brilliant support. I looked up the meaning of the name for inspiration and, together with David O'Doherty's song Very Mild Superpowers (youtube it, it'll make you giggle), came up with this one shot. Since I was what, seventeen. on. mind. Okay. I will be leaving this up for a while, so you can continue to read it while I rewrite it. EDIT: As you can see, the wholes story has been taken down. Overwhelming fear choked Maria as she tried to brace herself for the unexpected. the man tried again, holding out a hesitant hand. Matthew snarled, ignoring the bit Samson was saying about the girl's condition not being Demidov's fault. The girl never let her guard down. Matthew spoke softly. Maria stared at the man. Tears stung her eyes as she bitterly told herself that it was all a trick. Matthew stared at the silent girl. A loud growl erupted, breaking the silence. He whispered, a thousand or so emotions flittering through his amazement. could be. I guess I could have called myself popular. I was the girl who got straight A's, even in insane classes like AP Chem. So there you have it. she panted. she explained cheerfully. I asked, though I wouldn't have been surprised if she had gotten in trouble. When I entered the office and headed for Mrs. Dunlap's desk, I noticed a guy already standing awkwardly at her desk, fidgeting with what looked like a schedule card in his hand. I said. he said, stiffly. I agreed. I assured him. he said, marveling at all of the pictures and paintings hung up all over the walls. I said. he repeated. Ashley said, in her usual lazy tone. he suddenly asked, flipping to a blank page in his sketch pad. he said, pulling his legs up onto the stool and crossing them Indian-style as he balanced the sketch pad on one knee. I think the dropping of my jaw was a pretty involuntary action. When a particular memory came up, I shot up. I shakily jumped to my feet, bending over the table, wobbly from too much tequila. I closed my eyes and turned my head a tad. Jake was establishing himself in the music business. See, Jake wasn't just a random celebrity, no, he had been my next door neighbor for ten freaking long years, until he moved to New York about fourteen months ago. he replied dryly after giving me the once over. he replied, gesturing at me and then himself. He smirked as I had nothing to say and just snorted. Instead of yelling loudly and take the first available taxi home, I grinned and nodded in agreement. That was where the memory ended and a short flashback showed me and Jake. I heard footsteps and felt embarrassed. I whispered through the covers. he said, pulling back the covers that had hidden me so nicely just a second ago. He sighed annoyed, knowing I wouldn't stop nagging if he kept quiet. he snapped, annoyed at my behavior. I muttered satisfied in his ear. I moaned in frustration and humiliation, not knowing which one I should go with. I did, as if lightening had struck me. I wanted to stick out my tongue and telling him he wasn't the boss of me, but that wasn't a great idea, considering the whole situation, so instead I replied:  I knew that wouldn't cut it though. Like I thought, he wasn't anywhere near forgiving me. I shouted, deafening myself. He ignored me and walked out of his room. I sung happily as we entered his room. I took his outstretched hand and let him help me back to my feet. he said and pointed to the bathroom door on his left. I felt a strange combination of cheery and tired. Finally, I lay down and he made sure that the covers were covering me. I mumbled softly and rolled over to Jake. Jake gazed at me. Oh god. This was so wrong. But then, my mind said – finally fully awake – why would you mind? I walked back to Jake's bedroom and finally looked around. Jake nodded, his smile already faded. I waved a hand in front of his face. It wasn't like I cared that he'd never paid any attention to me throughout all these years. Angrily, I stomped down the stairs. So I just stood there, angry at Jake and mostly angry at myself. Jerk, jerk, jerk. I heard someone say behind me and I turned around. Thirty minutes later I joined him in the living room. His next move, I hadn't anticipated. Oh boy, was he a good kisser. he gazed intensely at me. As Jake finally let go of me, I was panting. he said, sounding a bit angry. I grinned and indulged myself into his kiss. I wanted to do so many things tonight, but I ended up writing this story till the ending, which I hadn't written out yet. wanted me to know. Hey again, guys. So this is a (very long) one shot. I humored him. he finished, rolling his eyes. Jake was standing at the bottom of a walkway when I caught up. I took Jake's hand, despite his squirming to get me to let go, and we went up to the porch of the house. The door creaked open slowly, revealing someone dressed up as a zombie. He shrugged. Grinning, I shook my head and placed my hand on Jake's shoulder. Jake's eyes lit up, as if the chocolate Brandon just gave him was equivalent to the night's worth of trick or treating that he already had in his pillowcase. Hearing children's voices approaching from the pathway behind us, I took Jake's hand and stepped aside. I had met Brandon a year before when we were both juniors. I glanced down at Jake. Brandon laughed. He let out a sarcastic laugh. The three of us were slowly but surely making our way toward the north side of town. Brandon replied. I sighed and nodded, unzipping my sweatshirt. I slipped the Jersey over my black tank top and shook my hair free of the neckline. Brandon told me. As he filled in the lines more darkly, his hand went up to the side of my face. Brandon said pensively. I leaned with my back against the bark of a tree and exhaled, watching my breath form in a cloud around my mouth. He walked closer to me, kicking at the piles of dried, brown leaves. I shrugged again. I sighed in mock frustration and let my head fall backwards against the rough bark of the tree. Brandon pushed off the tree and crossed the sidewalk. I shyly smiled back and dropped my gaze to the floor. His words were barely even audible now; I could hear them only because our faces were inches apart. The red Power Ranger turned around to look at me, but he didn't give me any hell for calling him  again. My little cousin just stared at me. When I lifted the Power Rangers mask, however, I didn't see Jake's wide brown eyes and his blonde hair. I screamed from the initial shock and stumbled back. I whispered. First we searched the driveway of the house he had last trick-or-treated at. Brandon and I both spun around and ran in opposite directions. It was getting late. I must've been sitting there about ten minutes when two sets of footsteps sounded on the asphalt, but the noise barely registered in the back of my mind. With a sharp intake of breath, I looked up and my eyes fell on Brandon's face. I bawled, springing to my feet. I launched myself at Brandon, cutting off his words. He laughed softy and hugged me back, pressing his lips against the top of my head. My feet hurt, I had a massive headache, and I was almost too tired to keep my eyes open. I had just gotten home no more than fifteen minutes ago. Brandon had caught my eye as if he had wanted to say something else, but I didn't ask him what it was. As I placed the glass of orange juice in front of Jake, I shot him a look, warning him to bite his tongue. My cousin had nodded as a yawn escaped his mouth. Brandon laughed and casually scratched the back of his head. I beamed triumphantly. When I'd first asked the question, I honestly didn't know the answer. I stood motionless in my doorway with my head tilted slightly to the side, watching him walk away. I finally shook my head free of the frozen daze I'd been in. The End. case to me. only a minute, her mom answered". Mei Li shook her head". you're missing the best song"! framed her narrow face. instinctively sought out a figure in the other room. Nah, I like Sprite. with Sam". same room as them. Sam. for long without being caught. for a moment before smiling. would you? egged on by it. head, who cried out, surprised she would do such a thing. hands of one of Andreas' friends who sat there with his mouth open. started this way, and he was going to see it though till the end. Summery: An ongoing series focusing on a group of friends who would literally do anything for each other. Once again Sheera's nose rose into the air. Tony decided he would stay out of this argument. Tony usually couldn't stand flamboyant homosexuals, but he made an exception for Damien because they were best friends and his flamboyancy was a bit. Caleb and Mai. A short Japanese woman came running out of the dancing crowd and up to the table, her long black hair bouncing around her smiling face. Tony sighed as he sat back. Tony smiled. Tony stayed at their table, nursing a beer, watching his friends come and go for a while. Tony leaned back against the wall, looked up at the stars, and half listened to Sheera go on and on about her current boyfriend. Her phone went off then and she ignored him to answer it. Tony reminded and then ground his teeth together when it was obvious she wasn't listening. Tony inwardly groaned. Tony hated airports. A few minutes later, they made their way into the arrival pickup area of the airline Shane had used and Sheera promptly pulled over. Movement in the shadows farther down the walk caught his attention and as Tony turned he briefly caught sight of a slender guy dressed in black with a duffle bag hanging off each of his shoulders. Tony nodded over to the kid. Yeah. More miles passed with more silence. Tony sighed and ignored the brat's pissed off attitude. Bruises worse now that the hat was gone. Tony was suddenly gripped with a burning anger at seeing his friend's little cousin so badly beat up. Tony grinned as he stretched out his arm towards him again. Tony let it slide. He replied softly. Sheera's phone went off then, and she asked him to answer for her. Sheera elbowed him in the arm, then looked up into the rearview mirror. Tony sighed. was Sheera's opinion as she dragged Shane towards the door. Without a reply, Shane turned and walked away, flipping the bird as he went. Tony told her after a moment of deliberation. Sheera blew out a breath before nodding. Tony wandered off then looking for Caleb and Damien. The baseball cap was gone again, but now in the light, Tony could appreciate what Sheera had commented before. Moving on… because he was so going to stand there and enjoy the view for as long as he could… Shane had removed his black jacket and was only in black slacks and a dark blue long sleeved t-shirt. He reached down, intent on buttoning his shirt back up, but Tony was having none of that. Tony looked up into his face, saw he was looking away, biting his lip as Tony pushed and prodded. Liar! Tony suddenly stood and towered over his effeminate friend, glowering at him and effectively cutting off his rant. Oh Goddammit! Sheera was looking exceptionally pleased. It was nearing three in the morning; they were sitting at the regular reserved table, when Shane told Sheera they needed to go. Sheera blew him a kiss and flounced away. There's a sub-field buried somewhere deep in the realm of neuroscience – not under any circumstances a specialty of mine, but intriguing all the same – that deals with the human perception of time. When I was a year old, one year was equal to 100 percent of my life. The more advanced part comes in when you look towards the future. But that doesn't account for time perception. Out of sheer boredom during my senior year of college I added up the numbers, all the way to 1/21 which is how old I was at the time, and came up with a very arbitrary looking fraction that divided out to roughly 3. This strange sense of the compression of time scares me even more than ghosts and serial killers and spiders. I tell my uncle. I can hear him going up the stairs through the wall next to me. I don't know why I asked. When I was a little kid in my old neighborhood there was this one creepy house on the corner with paint peeling off the shutters and overgrown vines in the yard. I shrug. As soon as I hang up I set my alarm for 7:57, because I really am not stoked on getting up any earlier than I have to, but maybe if he comes downstairs and I'm already awake he'll remember how to be somewhat proud of me. It was by far the worst text I've ever gotten. I hadn't told anybody yet, but I had finally broken up with Shiloh. After that he attacked from a different angle. The money had been nice, the tours in Europe, the sort of halfway celebrity status that comes with playing second fiddle to someone with a much more recognizable face. The first four times he had the right argument. Riley texted me back. I moaned pathetically into the phone, tears streaming down my face. I had no response to that. That was what he always called me, and for some reason I used to think it was hot. I'm sorry I didn't stick around to say good-bye, but it's better this way. I sighed heavily and dropped my head into my hands. I couldn't stay here any longer, even if he had been nice enough to rent the room for and extra day. Oh God, I just slept with some guy I didn't even know for twenty-four hours! I jumped up from the bed, then staggered sideways, falling to my knees. Ha. I looked down at the note I still held tightly. I got dressed slowly, and searched around for my keys. This would be the first and last time he ever did something like this. He moved carefully, trying to keep the creaking of the mattress to a minimum. He sighed and turned away. He checked his watch. I wander into the kitchen, still listening to what the reporter has to say. Laughing, I grab a glass from the drainer and fill it with water. I guess everything is still buzzing from when his father was on trial for the murder of some 17 people in a 'boating accident'. I walk back into the living room just as they're playing the Rosschilde clip. What I see on the screen isn't some badly dressed Italian mob prince with some blatantly gay fairy at some cheap outdoor bar in New York. No. This is also nothing compared to what is shown next. We're sitting at a table at the Big Bleu cafe about a mile from the beach. I blush. Ire is a nice guy, exactly like his name. BlackRage: Whoo! A/N: Hello, I'm back with another story! After all, I flounder when it comes to managing my bill payments and all related money issues. It was a non-committal grumble that didn't clarify whether he was disappointed or thoughtful. I sat across from him, anxious, skittish, sweat pouring off of me as if I'd taken a dive in an Olympic pool. I pleaded without shame. Gratus was a corpulent man, not unlike Santa Claus plus twenty more pounds. I nodded. Instantly, my cheeks flamed. To prepare, I scrupulously checked my Gucci suit (the most expensive piece of clothing I owned) for loose threads, lint, or stains for no less than an hour. Mr. Ko's double-storied mansion was built on the side of an enormous hill, overlooking the landscape view of Los Angeles. An attractive man in a semi-unbuttoned dress shirt and gray slacks opened the double stone and glass doors for me. he said, sounding husky as an acoustic singer's. he said. I entered, cutting across the foyer, and marveled at my reflection from the sheen marble floor that tiled the whole house. I also saw him cloaked in a woolen bathrobe, with nothing except a pair of boxers underneath. I added hesitantly as I handed him my business card. He led me into a room that resembled an office or a library. He took a cozy recliner and pointed me to a leather sofa a few feet away from his executive desk. He inspected me, saying nothing otherwise. I placed a supporting hand at the back of my neck as I took a deep, slow breath to relax my stiff shoulders. Dastan quitted the room afterwards. Raiden turned annoyed, as if I had slandered his honor. I slapped him with such force, his neck almost circled itself. he said, quietest he had ever been since I had met him. Truth was, I shouldn't care less. the voice breathed like a dream. I wanted to trust his words, really. Rain fell in cold, wet sheets from the quickly darkening sky and Samuel, Lord Stapleton had no other choice but to slow down his horse, it didn't matter much to him as he was already wet and he had been unhappy for quite sometime now. He should have been there this morning, and if he hadn't stalled so much in leaving his good friend the Reverend Lord Alexander Stanford – who had just settled into his vicarage some twenty miles south - he would have been there. . It was almost midnight by the time Sam reached Rosedale Park, he had taken a couple of wrong turns and his horse had gone lame almost a mile back, so he had to walk. It was such a familiar voice, a voice he had never forgotten and which still taunted him in his dreams. So there's this (really, really, hot) guy who keeps on  bumping into me (STALKER! My name is Susan Milieus. My brother is also surprisingly popular. My younger sister is different again. It's odd. I took him in quickly. 'Well, we were under the impression that somebody had left their rubbish in there. 'It's mine. 'It's mine, darling. 'Your breath stinks. I had locked his locker with a very heavy duty lock and chain. I was coming back from biology with my books stacked hazardously on one arm and the other fumbling with my bag. 'It's me. I hesitated. 'No. 'Teddy bear. Holy shit! 'Street, north of Burke. 'Thanks. 'The party's at ten, Saturday. 'Ohmigod! 'Coz Michael Connor just invited you to his party. 'I didn't steal his locker! 'Julia! Sorry if any of you had wanted updates on Unloved, it's second priority to this, because this is more amusing and not so serious, etc. PieSummary: The pie was savory in my mouth. Yes, you read that right. No. Graham says politely and looks over at me. I would beat him up, but I can't stop looking at Graham. To which I reply,  And walk off without another word. I point towards the upstairs and mumble something like,  Before she shakes her head and walks back to the kitchen. I grab my phone and dial her number. I close my phone and sigh. And I was as happy as I could possibly be because I was now, sitting outside in our shed, where nobody could find me, eating my pie. I stop shaking. OW, OW, OW. His tongue enters my mouth and gently, carefully caresses my wound. I move my hands to his chest and push myself away from him. What the . But really, in my head, my thoughts are racing. Ashlyn is probably standing there, being like what the ? I walk outside and then run, because he's walking down the sidewalk and he's like walking pretty fast, and I'm pretty sure that I am going to stumble and fall over myself. He looks at me, a little worriedly and I can't help but notice how his eyes are blue with a little green in them. I lower my face to his and capture his lips, gently resting my body on top of his, as he wraps his arms around my waist and kisses me back, just as fiercely as before. Summary: Myra Reed has the tendency to date lost causes. And now you find out you're gonna have to get used to it-Bob Dylan, If the relations between my parents could be described in metaphor, then they were the Cold War. Then, they would retreat into separate rooms, their steps heavy. When I was feeling especially frustrated and restless, I'd lay on the floor. When my Mom was redecorating our house, I told her I wanted forest green. Every Friday night, when Helen went out with her friends, Wendy and Nancy snuck into her room and stole an old copy of the magazines. I wasn't among the minions. My Mom agreed with surprising enthusiasm. But now, I would never have to live in an explosion of maroon. Once again, battle lines had been drawn without a formal declaration. She sat up in her chair, checking the sunglasses perched on her crown. The corners of her mouth twitched. I glided over to an unmarked box. I rolled my eyes, digging through the box. If I'd set up curtains, I would have rushed to the window and dramatically thrown them aside, allowing the hazy sunlight to flood the room. I looked at my Dad. I almost thought I would be forced to literally scream. Much to my relief, my howling skills proved unnecessary. I went into the main room and flopped onto the couch. I associated my Mom with discipline and lectures, while I correlated my Dad with private jokes and a sense of impenetrable loyalty. My Mother called at least once a week. Often, I felt alone. My phone rang shrilly, making me groan and turn in bed, pulling my pillow over my head to block out the sound. David's voice was accusing and I couldn't stop the rush of guilt I felt. I guessed, pulling on my knee-high black boots. David Quinn was dead to me. I should tell you something about my best friend and his current companions. All three of them were tall, broad-shouldered, with perfect bodies – I would know, having bathed with them several times when we were younger. After that description, I think it would be redundant to say that the 'Quinn Brothers' as they were popularly called, were the target of every single female member of the student population at Clara Academy. David reached out and put an arm around my shoulder, pulling me into his side, hugging me, even as I stayed stiff in his hold. Giving me a mildly exasperated look, Jack turned off the car's engine and got out. The triplets' father, Walter Quinn was a force to be reckoned with when it came to his sons. I rolled my eyes as I watched Anna's cheeks flush with color. By this point you have probably already figured out that Clara Academy is one of those schools. For one, my house didn't have a mile-long driveway and an arching entrance with a valet to take my car. Dad had been the one with all the money, though a substantial amount of it came to Mom through the divorce. I winced as I felt David's surprised eyes on me. He nodded, chuckling softly as he turned and walked in the opposite direction. I felt a sense of foreboding as I turned to look at whom they were talking about and met piercing green eyes that seemed to be watching me thoughtfully. Jack slid into the chair next to me, making several girls in the class groan in disappointment and glare at me. He sounded strangely strangled and I had to turn to look at him. I pursed my lips, annoyed, but followed David into the cafeteria. He had always been easy for me to read, easier than even David at times, because for all the idiotic, annoying things he did, Jack was honest with me. That got a reaction out of me. I nodded. At that moment I had forgotten Gina and whirled on the boys. He'd closed the distance between us and leaned forward, clearly trying to make me uncomfortable, but I'd refused to budge. Yeah, I told myself, taking a bite of my sandwich. Once we'd changed, Anna and I walked into the gym together, and the brothers almost immediately met us. I frowned,  I asked, feeling hurt despite myself. I blinked, feeling the same rush of confusion I'd felt when Gina had told me her theory,  I asked,  I cut off, my eyes widening at what I'd been about to say. Jack's vein thrummed against his collarbone as he looked down at me, and without warning, he took a step toward me, closing the distance between us, threading his fingers through my hair with one hand as his other traced the line of my jaw. I heard my heart pounding against my chest and fought to calm my breathing. Full Summary: A Wallflower. Sony huffed and gripped the strap of her backpack. Wallflower's were unsociable, and no one wanted to socialize with them. Back on subject though, she continued to send dagger glares to the boy in her corner. He continually tapped his feet with his back to her. Oh, well didn't she feel stupid. No, no he didn't. She could hear the conversation that was going on in the principle's office. Geez, the woman made it sound like she tried to kill him or something. Yes, you heard her right. A/N: This story is currently undergoing revision. It was 5:44 A.M. on Monday morning, and Rowan Cartel was sleeping soundly in his nice warm dormitory bed. Layla had to fight to keep herself from gagging at Dane and his ridiculous flirtations. Jerry and Chris sat in their beat up 69' camreo, it was old and beat up but got the job done. Chris was irritated with his questions by now but he didn't say anything. Jerry said as he smoked his cigarette. They reached the house, Jerry carried her inside to the room that would be hers. Sydney slowly opened her eyes and touched her head, what the hell happened? Sydney looked at the two men, she's never seen them before in her life. Sydney rubbed her forehead, feeling a deadly headache come on. She looked at the man who barely spoke, his hair was a mix of light and dark blonde, it wasn't short but it wasn't long. Sydney sarcastically pointed out as she ran her hand through her hair. Sydney said. He said. Jerry told him. Sadie Hawkins DanceSummary: Nicole Stone's plan to ask Sullivan Black to the Sadie Hawkins Dance backfires. As Nicole and Apollo got closer to the park, Nicole was relieved to see that it was deserted. Apollo was pulling harder on the leash – his way of telling Nicole that he wanted to be let off. Nicole walked over to a bench, brushed as much snow as she could off of it, and sat down. She didn't feel sad now, though. She had had a plan. Nicole said, frowning. Nicole pleaded. Fiona said, holding her hands up in surrender. Nicole said. He looked at her and frowned slightly. Nicole and Sullivan both looked around to see what all the commotion was and saw Madison Miller, the editor of the school's newspaper, making her way towards them. Madison narrowed her eyes. Nicole could feel the eyes of every single person in that corridor staring at her. A distinctly male hand reached out and dropped a book on the snow-covered bench beside Nicole; a hand that belonged to Sullivan Black. Nicole said softly. Nicole swallowed and nodded her head. Nicole asked, cutting him off again. she said. Nicole turned around and looked into his dark brown eyes. Nicole felt her heart race suddenly. Nicole closed her eyes and took a deep breath before opening them again. Smiling, Sullivan closed the distance between them, tilting Nicole's head back. Nicole pretended to think for a minute. Nicole nodded. They were seated in a small corner table at the Starbucks down the street. Alexander Lenearts was considered one of the 'popular' guys at school. Alex was the brooding one. Except for Isabelle. The unlikeliest of the couple took the school by surprise. They had met during an English assignment. Since that day, they talked frequently during class, reveling in each other's different opinions. It was a subtle change. She was barely focused on the movie. His arm moved slowly to wrap around her waist. Isabelle had a small smile on her face before she turned around to face him. The small smile spread across her face when she saw he was leaning down to kiss her. Their kissing techniques reflected their major personality differences. Alex, on the other hand, was trying to overpower her. Ever since that night the two had been dating. But Alex insisted on continuing to see Isabelle, much to her delight. Isabelle said, taking a deep breath,  She waited for his confirmation. Oh. The fact pained Isabelle more than it should have. Drawn out? Isabelle was genuinely hoping that they would be happy together. Isabelle stumbled her way out of the coffee shop, her vision blurring because of the tears that refused to fall. When she pulled into her best friend's driveway, she broke down into sobs that wracked her body. Katie frowned, bringing her best friend in a tight hug while simultaneously pulling her into the house. Katie had been Isabelle's friend since elementary school. Katie pushed Isabelle's blonde hair from her face. Isabelle told her, looking to the ground. As if Katie couldn't believe it before, now it's just ridiculous. Normally Isabelle was an optimist, considering Monday a brilliant day that held promise for the rest of the week. She refused to look at him when she entered their English class. From the looks she was getting from everyone else, she knew they knew that they broke up. And so it went, day after day for a few weeks. It was one day a few weeks later that Michael approached her after school. Isabelle shook her head. He hissed, flipping his hair out of his face. Isabelle couldn't decide if she wanted to cry in despair or laugh in joy. Isabelle waited outside the gym until six o'clock when football practice was over. She called out. He asked doubtfully. His voice was cold now, but his eyes betrayed him. She shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other, fiddling with her long blonde hair in her hand. She said finally. Alex's black hair fell in his eyes, damped with sweat. He motioned to sit on the grassy field of their school. There was a long period of silence before Alex broke it. He mumbled, catching her small hand in his large one. She couldn't help but whisper back. Her voice was just above a whisper, but he still heard her. Alex told her, turning to look into her honey brown eyes. She gasped out, scooting over to be closer to him. Alex placed a hand gingerly on her neck, pulling her slowly down so her lips met his. Somehow Isabelle knew this time things were going to be different. Love. Author's Note: This might remain a one-shot depending on what you guys think or if I am ever in the mood to do something more with these two. I don't really have a family name. For three years now, I have had a specific routine for every day of the week. I wake in the early morning around six. Not that I am so depressed despite my  that I am thinking of suicide or something equally idiotic as that; far from it. I leave my small home at about 6:30 or a little over. You must have guessed by now that this particular store is a bakery, a French bakery to be exact. Upon my entrance every morning, he smiles at me while he is putting new pastries and cookies into the display case. I sit at my desk and wait till the hands of the round clock on the wall seem to cut it vertically in half. Today is Saturday and on these days I give myself the luxury of sleeping in an hour earlier. I head out and take the subway train to a market to shop for groceries. I entered the bakery as if it were automatic. I set my bags of groceries to the side and wait patiently for him. He has thick black hair, so rich and full and long. He would never notice me other than as a customer and I'm too shy and self-conscious to approach him. He asks already taking out a plate. He wanders around the counter and sets the plate with the slice of Lemon Crème cake sitting beautifully upon it on my table. I stare down at the treat in front of me. As enjoy my cake, I hear a clearing of someone's throat beside me. I do manage to say something this time despite my surprise. While I eat, I peer out the window casually and notice it has become kind of misty outside. my head shoots up to find him pointing to one corner of his mouth. I'm still staring at him while I attempt in vain to taste any crème that might be in the corner of my mouth. To my horror and perhaps absolute pleasure, he uses his own tongue and licks the other corner. I really could not believe what I was hearing. I can't take this anymore. I spin around and find Marushi standing right in front of me with a gleam in his warm eyes. My life is now no longer like a broken record or stuck on re-wind. A car wash was ruining my life. But finally, after what seemed like years, Geneva had the house to herself. My mom said as she introduced my little brother to Mr. and Mrs. Whitley. Mrs. Whitley said, and I shook hands with Bobby, who smiled at me. Hunter asked, and Mr. Whitley nodded. I heard my name echo around the foyer. There was a large TV screen on the wall and there were all sorts of cords coming out of the cabinet underneath it. Bobby said. Peter sighed, and he turned off the game. I said grumpily. The kid said in a light voice. I asked, and he turned gave me a quick smile. He said simply, and I bit back a smile. He said slowly, and I grinned. I asked. He looked down at his arm at an imaginary watch. He turned around last minute. We all got out of our tents and decided to walk on the warm sand at four in the morning. Summer was ending soon. He let out, closing the tent. His words warmed my heart. We stared at each other for quite a while. We spent the entire night together. I woke up around three in the morning and he was gone. This is for novel-bigbang on LiveJournal. Full Summary: When kidnapped by a horde of pirates onto an airship, Jonathan tries to make the best of his situation. Near the center of town was a scatter of buildings, all with open windows, drinking in the night. Jonathan sighed. His eyes were still closed when he suddenly heard a loud noise outside of his room. Jonathan didn't know the voices. The footsteps were heavy. Quietly, he sat up and slipped off his bed, his heart pounding loudly in his ears. What was hedoing, trying to talk to burglars, Jonathan thought all of a sudden. Somehow, the burglars had managed to walk over to him without him noticing, and one of them clamped his hand over Jonathan's mouth. Jonathan bit the man's hand and the man yelped. The dark man, Mocca, leaned in and narrowed his eyes. Mocca glared up above Jonathan. This was Jonathan's chance. Jonathan stirred. The first thing he saw was the wooden ceiling. A dark man near her—Mocca, Jonathan recalled—snorted. The woman turned around and looked back at Jonathan, still seated and tied to his chair. Mocca ignored him. growled Mocca, and he toppled the bowl's contents right onto Jonathan's closed lips. The man was unlike Jonathan had ever seen before. the man instructed. The man continued smiling. said Demetri suddenly, cutting him off and gazing at his shirt. Jonathan was tired, and in the back of his mind he was wondering if anyone at the village was worrying about him. spluttered Jonathan. said Demetri, catching a glimpse of his expression. Throughout the day, Jonathan was mostly left alone in his room. They were definitely pirates, by the way Jonathan could tell that everything about this ship was against the law; but they didn't act very much like the type of pirates who were stupid and greedy. Jonathan shot right back. Jonathan was half-tempted to finish his soup as slowly as he could, except he wanted Mocca to leave as well. Mocca soon left with the empty bowl in his hands, grumbling about feisty prisoners. He needed to get out of here as soon as possible. As soon as the thought struck him, a plan began forming in his mind. Jonathan glanced around the room, and cursed that there wasn't anything he could use to help him. It felt like forever until the sun had finally disappeared and the moon was young in the sky. A part of him couldn't help feeling a little bit guilty for leaving—he definitely wanted to leave, but after all the trouble these people went through to capture him… But they kidnapped him, didn't they? He was startled out of his reverie when he realized that quite a few minutes had passed without a single sound of conversation outside his door. He got up from his chair and quietly walked over to the other side of the room, feeling a slight déjà vu of what had happened the night before. Everything seemed to be made of wood. Jonathan continued on cautiously, making sure that he wasn't bumping into anything in the dark, and kept his eyes and ears open for any source of noise or other movement. Jonathan reached the other end of the ship after what felt like forever, and swore to himself. Soon, he discovered a hall that had a dip in the middle, and he crept through to see that there was a large staircase, which spiraled both upwards and downwards. The night sky came as a shock to him. It was large, and marginally bigger than the level below—which was saying something, because Jonathan had probably been wandering around for about a half an hour now. It certainly looked like a balloon: it was fat and puffy and Jonathan highly doubted that anybody was actually in it. There, right below him, was a large wooden wing, coming out from the bottom of the ship. Jonathan yelped and swiveled around. Jonathan didn't know what to say. Jonathan snapped, and then flushed in embarrassment. Comments: I enjoy being random. PS. He belted out, posing in what he knew was an incredibly embarrassing position with his mop, but it was hard to care. he warbled again at the top of his lungs before racing down one lane of washers and dryers, making a sharp turn at the end and then racing down the next line of washers and dryers. Salem muttered back darkly, wincing as he climbed to his feet. Now life was perfect. In fact, when Salem thought about it, he'd been the one to invite Naaki out for coffee, out for a walk, out for a movie. Still, if Naaki wanted dinner and a show, well, who was Salem to refuse? Salem snorted as he tossed the mop to the side and hefted up the trolley bucket of mucky soap water. Wheeling the trolley bucket back into its cubby hole, he turned around just in time to see Naaki eyeballing his butt, yet again. Throwing one leg over him before Naaki had a chance to escape, Salem straddled his lap. Naaki was rigid for a moment, but then he relaxed enough to allow Salem to slip his tongue in and explore. Now, Salem was not a slut. However, how little he knew of Naaki didn't seem to matter too terribly much. No, Salem wanted to protest, it really wasn't! Naaki replied cautiously, looking every inch as if he expected Salem to jump the table and molest him if he dared to blink. Well, it wasn't like he had anything to hide. Really? Well, no wonder Naaki had never told him what he did for a living. Salem whistled. Well at least he was a he, Salem decided. Small fins flared out on the sides of Naaki's neck. Salem shrugged, toeing off his shoes and wading into the surf. Silly man. I have taken down all my stories. Summary. Hi. I was reading a book in front of the school lawn, leaning casually on the ledge, waiting for her to arrive. The guy, who just bumped into me, continued walking away as if nothing happened. The guy walked over, looking pissed off. he asked, threateningly. She pulled me inside before the guy could even react. Misha glanced around to see if someone was listening. Misha whispered as our History teacher discussed a very boring topic. she said, wrinkling her nose. Of course I knew what the other kids say about me. I was reading again in a kiosk beside the school building just near the football field. I inhaled sharply. I snapped. He narrowed his eyes at me and I glared back. They went away, laughing. My locker was trashed the next day. I got to admit that I didn't really know any of my classmates and I didn't even try to get along with them. Nate River didn't stop there. I looked at her suspiciously. I threatened. she begged. she sang. The dreaded day finally arrived. I sighed again and thought of the parties that Misha had dragged me into that didn't really end well. I told him, wrinkling my nose. I stopped on my tracks. His face was void of emotion as he looked back at me. We were in Misha's room, looking for outfits for the party. I rolled my eyes at her and began rummaging through her closet. We changed into our outfits. I glared at her and she mumbled incoherently as we parked. She rolled her eyes. The crowd cheered as I ended my song. I suddenly felt lightheaded. I almost tripped if it weren't for someone who held my arm, steadying me. Nate watched them go away and I used that moment to compose myself. He explained, grabbing my arm and led me to the refreshments bar. I tried to sound sarcastic but it came out as stutters. I can't believe the nerve of this guy. Nate sang in my ear. I paled. She looked really upset for me. Author's note: Yey! How was it? Full Summary: Charlie (Charlotte) is in the business of breaking men's hearts to make them become better, wholesome, husband material men. I had to remove all of my stories because of plagiarism. well, here's the fic that i've been dangling around for a while now. this chapter is a bit long, but a lot of stuff is being introduced and whatnot, and i simply couldn't find a suitable stopping point. and, just so that i don't anger anybody about some misrepresentations. this is a slash fic, which becomes apparent fairly quickly. Black guy? A grinning redhead approached me, and I was momentarily taken back by the amount of metal that was adorning his face. My gaze finally left his face after taking in the fact that his ears were pierced just twice in each lobe, and slid down to his clothes. He pointed vaguely over a shoulder, and my gaze drifted in that direction. She was willowy in a boyish sort of way, and extremely pretty…for a girl. I set my things down onto a space between him and this other guy, and then pulled a chair over from another table and sat down. The guy was wearing a hooded sweatshirt with the sleeves shoved up to his elbows, and while it was once formally black, it had now faded to a charcoal gray. My lips curved into a friendly smile, but his eyes drifted down to the table, apparently nervous under my subtle scrutinization. I explained, smiling slightly at seeing their surprise. Erin asked eagerly, and I nodded, mouth full. Jen asked, eyes excited, and I mentally groaned. Two years ago, he'd taken me to see Vixen in concert, and we'd practically fought the entire time. But despite the mess we made of dating, Shen and I had parted on semi-good terms, and I later set him up with my stepbrother, 'Xander. Well, ok, so he's not that bad. As much as I hate to hear about my stepbrother and my ex's sex lives, 'Xander tells me everything, and vice-versa. My lectures on his promiscuity have failed to stop his rapid perusal through men and lovers, very few of them girls, but Shen appears to be good for him. I gave him a nod, and he gave me a one-armed hug before waving a cheerful farewell at the other occupants of the table and dashed off. and like i said, if i've used anything in the wrong sort of sense, just let me know. little side note: the 6th of august was my birthday! Whedon is going to be there! ENJOY…Hey. Straight to hell. I don't understand the concept of love, and I never have. I was on an MSN group for kids who go to SCHS and as I was browsing the forums, I saw that you made a topic that asked us if we knew anything about Mr. Wicker. Oh, your signature confused me, by the way. Thanks for warning me about Mr. Wicker and his bigoted ways, but was it necessary to send an e-mail? My signature…? And as far as keeping contact with you? Okay, then. I do not have the PedoBear Seal of Approval, because I am not a pedophile! My sister already gave me enough bruises when I tried to chuck her Jonas Brothers CD out of the window when I drove her to the beach the other day. P.S. Why don't you guess who I am? I'm not crazy, I'm really not. Since we're on the subject of creepy people…yes, I think you would be on a group for high school students. I do not like the Jonas Brothers. Trust me: You are crazy. I'm glad to hear that you think so highly of yourself, I guess those self-esteem courses that I was going to sign you up for were a waste of my hard-earned money then. And no, I have nothing to say for myself. To answer your question, it's my seven-year-old sister, Autumn, who loves them. Now it's my turn. You know you love the nicknames. My mommy and daddy say that I'm wonderful just the way I am, and then they gave me a pack of Disney princess stickers. Telling yourself that you're not hideously deformed is necessary! That sounds cool, having all of those sisters! Oh, and sorry for taking so long to reply. Autumn forced me to watch Aladdin and The Little Mermaid when I had to baby-sit her yesterday. Negative racial stereotypes? Music that I do like…well, obviously, judging by my e-mail address, I'm a fan of The Doors. Oh, trust me. My question is: Eddie who? How cool! My family just makes fun of the racial stereotypes--to the point of it being ridiculous. That's the kind of music my dad, older brother, and guy friends listen to. I'd beat you up if you were my older brother, too. Rent The Garden State. P.S.: 34B. I went school shopping yesterday and ended up buying three pairs of jeans, a shirt that I hate, and a hoodie that kicks ass. Sorry for the shortness of this letter. - MojoRising43Author's Note: I get bored sometimes, okay? [AN: A little one-shot sequel to 'Just Drive the Car'. I drop my coat on a chair and start getting my tie off. Joey doesn't follow me, and he doesn't answer. I can't take it anymore. He turns his head a little, then relaxes back against me all at once, so I realize how tense he was before. He's just so damn responsive, it drives me crazy, I hardly have to do anything and he's blushing and breathing hard. I can't help teasing him. he says with a matching laugh. I back off, catching his hand, just the tips of two fingers, and tug him towards the bedroom. He doesn't follow me down. He unties the robe and lets it drop. I stand up to make it easier. I grab his wrists and pull him up, push him down on the bed and pin him there. Somehow, between one breath and the next, my control is gone. His whole body shudders, and then there's slickness between us, hot as blood. Fingers relaxing. I whisper back. He frees one of his hands. Every instinct, every habit is telling me to sit up and grab for the tissues, make a joke, defuse the tension. I raise myself just enough to meet his eyes. His smile is so sweet I can't stand it. You think it would be totally easy living a life where you had enough money to buy yourself a private island. My dad was wearing that same emotionless mask of his. Was that it? Yes, I know. I just folded my arms across my chest. I was sprawled across my bed, petting my grey, tiger-cat, Spaz. She googled the Schechter website and read the 'About Us' section of the site. I clasped my hands over my face when Tiffany let out a deafening scream. In the picture, he was wearing the most tight-ass jeans I'd ever seen. Not surprising. I moved him, so I was holding him from under his arms and held him a foot away from my face. A/N: Oh, yes. Summary2: The Devil gives JT DiCarlo one week to explain to him why she deserves to live. A/N2: I feel so god-like right now. Nodding appreciatively, I cross my arms about my chest and crane my neck upwards, taking in every pixel of his near-naked body. However, his square jaw and note-worthy white teeth are definitely not in the same league as those eyes of his. I blink. My eyes practically bug out of my skull and I cannot, for the sake of my sanity, look away. Being a complete and total jerk, the Abercrombie model (I dunno what else to call him, but what else is he but thus? Next, the girl's plaid, tear-stained jumper catches on fire when some of the melted glass lands on the collar of her polo shirt. Frankly, I don't care who sees me or what they think, because I'm acting on pure instinct. Oh. I merely gape like a fish without water, holding it gingerly with my numb, sweaty fingers. I point towards. Looking over to where the scene happened, I see the silly Verizon guy handing out pamphlets to the woman and her daughter that was supposed to be on fire not thirty seconds ago. Lying on my living room floor, I relish in the new found warmth of the fireplace, the homey grace of the orange flames glancing off the reflective side of my square of wrapping paper. I roll over onto my stomach and shove the package under the tree, the first of many to find a new, pine-scented home. Where is he? Not surprisingly, I get a text from Ashley, who has still yet to lay off about the whole mall thing. Grinning happily to myself, I read it, the teenager in me just overjoyed at the thought that my boyfriend texted me at midnight on Christmas Eve to wish me a happy holiday. I sharply inhale. I blush furiously after reviewing what I just said. Brazenly, he brings the jug back to his lips and spits the milk back into the bottle. I blink. He just stares at me, his head cocked at an ignorant angle. he asks me. Did he seriously just asks that. I bite my bottom lip, my eyes frantically searching for the cordless that my dad always keeps in the kitchen. I slam right up against it so hard that I can feel my brain clattering around in my skull when it bangs against the steel door. My screams are muffled and useless against his palm and I can feel stinging tears crawl down my face, his body hard, flat and oh so hot against mine. What about Stanford? his drawling, honeyed voice says in my ear. Holy Mother that voice. Hell, maybe this won't be so bad. I find my brows rising. After a moment, he leans in once more. Flames, a pure riot of blue, red and orange engulfing my living room, the branches of our decorated, tinseled Christmas tree withering before my eyes. The fire just disappeared, leaving everything as it just was. Sharply, his hand is on top of my mouth again. A/N: Should I change this to ? in my life, except for my mom's marriage to my stepfather. mistake I see us making is giving up on her… she's the best we've found. --It was Saturday afternoon and I was sitting on the counter, chopping down on sandwiches. I was waiting for my older brother to come down and drive me there. We stepped outside the house, locking it on our way and got inside his blue Volvo he got for his seventeen birthday. He smiled, but decided not to answer. His blue eyes glanced towards me. Adam told me wisely. I stepped inside Papa's pizza parlor, the smell of pizza hitting my nose instantly. A man in his thirties said, with a beard and a beer stomach with his Aerosmith t-shirt emphasizing on his big stomach. He smiled at me, showing off his impressively white teeth. I didn't really get that, but smiled and nodded. He wiped his hands, smiling wickedly, before going to the backroom. A girl with light brown hair, long, skinny but not so it seemed sickly, walked up to me, handing me a brown apron and a note book and a pencil. She introduced herself, and I detected a little bit of a southern accent. I gave her a salute, while she looked at me with raised eyebrows. Oh, wow, what gave that impression, I wanted to ask, but didn't. Good girl. Not much after inspecting the place, I walked up to a couple sitting in booth. They replied at the same, before looking at each other and laughing. They shook their heads, smiling. I yelled to Keegan, who was in the kitchen. I looked behind my shoulder; the couple didn't waste time making out. I shouted impulsively. A scared Keegan came out of the kitchen, his hands flying crazy. I put my face in my hands. When she saw my horrid look, she added,  She paused. Kate girl, huh? I've learned from experience not to butt into other people's business. I agreed and walked over to the nearest table. two chapters. the park. know. flow. she want? disliked. This is wrong. I screwed up my nose, sticking my tongue out like the sixteen year old I was, and fell from the pickup truck, kicking the dirty door shut with the back of my foot. It wouldn't be as bad if the reason we were at the cinemas in the first place wasn't because he was trying to win me over for leaving me in the middle of London. I ignored Danny, turning up my nose and twisting my body under the seatbelt so I was facing the window, my back to him. In fact, the whole ride was silent except for the dirty house music on the radio, which, after his little outburst, he turned up. As she went on about how bad a person Danny Tyson was, I tuned out, having thought it all previously. Her hair was a coppery blonde colour, dyed obviously, and straightened, a sweeping fringe across her forehead. I peered into a compact mirror, groaning at the bags under my eyes, dusted with crappy mascara application skills. From nowhere, a solid body flew against mine, with enough weight to carry the locker into the wall, the metal sound echoing down the corridor in a smashing noise amongst the normal chatter of the busy hallway. A hiss escaped his lips,  I was still restrained, despite attempting to buck away from him. I.. I'm not even joking, girlfriend eight thousand and forty seven actually spoke like an extra from The Hills. I smiled in her pretty, angry, pretty angry face, stepping around her efforts to push me out the door. Heavy baseline music was pumping from the speaker, and 'lad' who might be called Rory- I can't be sure- slid his hands south of my back. But then he was there again, pressing himself to my back, forcing me to raise my chin and stare at his reflection in the mirror above the sink. The fine hairs on the back of her neck stood up. The darkness didn't respond. He disappeared only to return a moment later with a tall glass of water. Her mother glanced at her with warm, sympathetic brown eyes. Annette offered them a tight smile, knowing they could never live up to that promise. Josh nervously ran his fingers through his blond-brown hair. Annette swallowed and nodded. Kimberly launched into an animated conversation with him about the woes of being an oldest child. Annette groaned. Author's Note: PLEASE READ. At first it had been nothing but shy glances and subtle compliments, which had been uttered by stuttering lips. After a month of secret rendezvous and stolen kisses, the knight and the noble's daughter planned a wedding in the village that her father collected taxes from. The bride had been a beautiful sight to behold. The knight was just as handsome. He was the son of a witch, who lived five miles away from the village and six miles away from the noble's home. The first person to see the unholy sight was the witch who had birthed the young man. Without hesitation, the witch concocted her revenge, knowing exactly who was to blame for her son's tragic end. The bride did not even wait. After that, the witch walked back to the church to retrieve her son's dead body and any evidence of his presence. With one final push, all the pain was gone. One of the three servant girls went to the lady's side and helped her crawl away from the bloodied bed where the abomination lay crying and writhing at the feeling of being cold and alone. Heavy boots pounded on the floor, announcing the father's arrival before he even opened the door. Anger twisted the man's once handsome face into something that resembled an ogre. the knight mumbled. Without any argument or hesitation, the man left the hut and rode back home. The small bumps on its head and back were replaced with small horns. It was then that the lady of the manor could not stand it anymore. she explained, grateful that the boy believed every word. So the boy was forced to hunt alone. The next time he saw the wolf, who had taught him how to survive, the animal did not speak to him. Spring was almost gone when the fox revealed that the boy can also use regular shadows as portals to go to different places. After hunting for so long, the boy figured that if he strikes quickly and first, then surely he would win the fight. Pain seized his shoulder as he lay on the forest floor. For days, the bear would challenge the gray-skinned boy. The wolves were watching him, keeping their distance away; but when he left the corpse, the large canines were all over it as if they had made the kill. Without thinking, the boy charged at the bear head-on and leaped onto its massive back. The boy scrambled to his feet and tried to get away, but claws scraped against his back twice and even chipped a few of the horns. When he finally woke, the throbbing pain of his injuries was nothing more than a dull numbness. The boy felt confused about this news. He remembered her ghostly complexion and the purple bags under her dull eyes. An anger he had never felt before began to swell up inside the boy's gut along with a hopeful doubt. Without hesitation, the boy slipped into the shadows. The crowd stopped in front of a balcony where three people stood, two of whom the boy recognized immediately as his mother and father. It was then that the boy could no longer stand hearing the constant truth being whispered among gossiping ladies and gentlemen. A man grabbed the boy's arm in an attempt to calm him down; but the boy lashed out at the man, ripping the neck open to let loose precious amounts of crimson life. The demonic boy roared like the monster he felt like and lashed out at a stranger who had gotten too close, hearing the rip of fabric and the warm sensation of their blood coating his claws like a rainstorm. The knight, armed with sword and armor, swung at his demonic offspring with the shining blade. The moment the knight had fallen, the monster dove at him with jaws open and claws ready to dig into any unprotected flesh. He stood up, searching for any sign of the gray-skinned monster among the massacre in the garden. It took the creature a while to find its mother, who was trying to hide her youngest son in one of the large cabinets in her room. Exhaustion began to creep into its bones, but as it began to leave the room, a terrified whimper reached its pointed ears. It lifted its free hand before bringing it down repeatedly over one side of the boy's face. All of the animals stayed away from it, smelling death and the stench of human on its body. the animal growled,  Still the creature ignored the short-tempered bear. Furious at the monster's tactics, the large animal slumped to all fours before charging forward, hoping to catch the creature in its fury. Air flow was cut off as fangs dug deeper through layers of thick fur and skin, while claws tore open the bear's neck and jaw. It looked up at the sky and roared out its victory, anger, and grief for killing such a mighty animal; however, it could not bring itself to feast upon the bear's meat. When the boy had finished his nightmarish tale, the knights took him back with them to the king's castle to retell the story. As for the gray-skinned creature, it stayed in the forest, left alone to its thoughts of betrayal and murder. Commentary: Just a short one-shot I've had kicking around for a year or so. There was something inherently comical about a nineteen-year-old guy in a toy store, Anthony was sure. It was ten o' clock on a Saturday, early fall, his second year of college, and he had finally given in and reneged on the bet with his sister. What was so wrong with sleeping with a stuffed animal? There didn't seem to be anyone around—not that he cared. Anthony perused the selection of stuffed animals, cringing a little at the bright colors. He put back the puppy and reached for a large bear. It didn't have to be a bear, actually, but he had found that bears seemed to have the right shape to them. Anthony rubbed his eyes and patted the head of a penguin. He began to pull down stuffed animals at random, discarding the ones that were too soft or too stiff. he sighed finally, lowering himself down onto the tiled floor. He set the polar bear aside and grabbed for the next stuffed animal. Sitting up, he sighed and held the black bear up to scrutinize. He should go. The man shrugged back and leaned on the pillar. Anthony stared hard at the man, crossing his arms over his chest. The sudden smile that lit up the man's face convinced Anthony more than anything he could have said. It had been a predictable question, but Anthony thought he would escape before he was forced to answer it. Frowning, Anthony fingered the ear of the teddy bear that had somehow found its way back into his hands. Anthony opened his mouth to snap back a reply, but Jack was already gone, jogging down the aisle and just barely missing a woman with a shopping cart full of baby toys. What a moron, Anthony thought with amusement. She gritted her teeth, and willed back tears. She sniffed, refusing to let the hot tears spill down her cheeks. She'd forgotten how cold it got up here, having spent the past twelve years of her life in sunny California. She found the flash light and went back to the rear of the jeep, crouching down to see the damage. The other alternative was to camp out here for the rest of the night, until the sun broke out or until another car passed by – which she wasn't confident would be anytime soon. Emma stood there for a while, debating what to do. Staring at the cold, uninviting jeep that was over ten years old with a shotty engine and uncomfortable seat padding, the decision was made in an instant. Grabbing her winter jacket, she looped her purse around her chest, heaved her duffel bag full of clothes and belongings over her shoulder, shoved her hat and mitts on, and then locked her car. Even though it'd been ten years since she'd been here last, Harbordale's reputation had stayed the same. Had her life not literally fallen apart in front of her eyes, she'd never have come back here. She'd been bumming it off on her ex-boyfriend's couch, which had been even a lower low than all that had transpired prior, when she received a call from an old acquaintance from Harbordale. And that's why she was back. She'd never really known her dad, and even when she'd lived here as a kid, he had never been home. At first, she'd simply accepted the information and then forgotten about it. An hour later, and she still hadn't reached Harbordale and she was shivering despite having walked 5 kilometers. She rolled her eyes, and continued walking, hating her decision more and more. Praying and hoping to God that it was a gas station or motel, she picked up her speed and began walking faster. Emma walked for another fifteen minutes, the forest giving way to steep slopes and cliffs. It was only when she'd begun to doubt that she'd seen a light at all, that she saw it again. She hesitated, not knowing what to do. she muttered, trying to breathe some warmth into her hands. But this was Harbordale. With that thought, she told her subconscious to can it, and then walked up the pathway. Waiting there, she folded her arms across her chest and rubbed her arms in order to generate some heat. A few minutes passed and nobody answered. He was older than her, that was for sure, but not by that many years. She closed her eyes and sighed, cursing every part of her being. She shifted. And she'd tell nobody the truth either. She looked at him guardedly, wishing that he'd at least throw on a shirt so that it would make her think a little more clearly. But he was offering a roof over her head, a soft place to sleep, and a place that didn't currently feel like it was -50 degrees Celsius. She rolled her eyes as she followed him into the living room, unabashedly admiring his lean back as she did so. Okay, fine. So, anyway, there I was, sneaking into school under the pretext that I was going over to a friend's house for a while, when the fight erupted on the lawn just outside of school. What else could I have done at that moment? I led them right to my house. So my parents sent me to Hell High. attention". sexy. the new fire chief. grandfather. league ever say! to be. have a boyfriend? guts. Ellington. said with a shrug. really really hot out. opening a construction business. tomorrow. days were numbered. A deep seductive voice called out from the shadows, toying with the young girl he considered his prey. She called out, anxious to hear the voice again. Leslie's mother hollered, causing Leslie to groan. Leslie had had this dream for the past few weeks. After deciding on tight fitting jeans and a light blue, low cut shirt, she makes her way to her bathroom. She looked tired, and had dark circles under her brown eyes. When the water got warm enough she started lathering shampoo in her hands and then washed her hair. After a good ten minute shower, Leslie wraps a towel around her and steps out into the cold bathroom. Leslie knew that a lot of girls envied her, but who wouldn't? Leslie had been dating Josh off and on for about the past ten months. Leslie pulled herself out of her thoughts and gave one last look at her outfit before throwing on a pair of flats and heading downstairs. Leslie was a straight  student, but no one knew that but her best friend, Kate, and her mom. Leslie's mom replied, turning to head up stairs to distribute the clothing to the right person. Teresa was also worried about Leslie ending up like her. Teresa's grandmother, Leslie's great grandmother was the only one who had stood by Teresa and her choice of not having an abortion. She could see a little bit of herself in Leslie, and some of her grandmother. Teresa shook her head, clearing her thoughts as she heard her daughter slam the front door behind her as she made her way down the front walk. Leslie climbed into her car and set her purse and book bag in the seat next to her. The next few seconds passed by in a blur. Gabe pushed his foot down harder, giving his truck a little bit too much gas. Gabe was going to be in the senior class, and only had to get a few more credits in order to graduate. Gabe had moved to Wayne to get away from his past and the problems his cousin had caused. Gabe felt his phone vibrate and reached down to get it, not taking his eyes off the road. he growled, looking up to make sure the road was clear for a good stretch before leaning over and reaching for his phone. Those few seconds was all the time needed to cause an accident. As her lovely brown eyes stared at him in horror, he threw open the door to his truck and moved faster than the eye could see. As Gabe leaned back on his heels and stared at the girl, he realized that neither of them had any injuries and their cars were completely wrecked. Leslie woke up with a headache and a lot of beeping. Leslie hears her mother ask. Leslie said, her voice sounding hollow and raspy. Leslie looked down and moved her body to make sure she didn't have any broken bones. Teresa replied. Gabe was taken to a hospital room and thoroughly checked over even though he told the hospital staff that he was fine. Gabe had made sure that none of his blood had been taken and that no one got too close to see that the wounds he had given himself had already healed. The young nurse replied to Gabe. he said, meaning it. the voice was asking a doctor. Teresa said to the boy. Gabe entered the room a little after Teresa, gathering his wits and pushing his wolf to the back of his mind. He sighed and looked up at the girl as he closed the door behind him. The mother took one look at her daughter and then at Gabe and left the room, closing the door soundly behind her. The girl had brown hair and brown eyes. Gabe's heard sped up as their eyes met and he found it hard to breathe. he said, giving nothing more. He said, surprising her. When Leslie's gaze first fell on Gabe, she thought him to be a figment of her imagination. When he first spoke she was spell bound by the even flow of his voice. Mate. He answered her, only partially honest. Leslie, left to her own senses didn't know what to think. When Leslie got to school, she bid her mother goodbye and then made her way into the school. When she opened the doors, her best friend Kate hollered for her and she made her way toward her. Kate smiled at Leslie, reminding her again of why she was her best friend. When Josh started playing with Leslie's hair a little later in lunch and then moved to kiss her neck, Leslie pushed him off. When Leslie looked around the table she found that Kate was staring at her with a million questions in her eyes. She said in a sing song voice. beach. does this guy want? Was he hot"? you do? just changed it around and made it prettier. good short. Text copyright © 2010 by S.C. StephensAll Rights Reserved. Welcome to the last Conversion book in the series! I was going to hold onto this one for a little bit, since my life is uber-busy right now, but you know me…I get impatient. My heart was racing. I was sprawled across the longest, softest leather couch you could possibly image, arms and legs tangled around the most incredibly handsome man you could possibly imagine. But it had been a long while since his heart had beaten its last beat. The harsh roughness of his stubbled jaw brushed over mine and I contained a moan. A cool palm ran up one side of my body, up my hip and along my breast. But I wasn't a standard human, not anymore, and he had never been one to begin with. He'd given me his blood, only wanting to heal me. I also had fangs, just like my husband. One of Teren's hands, the one not actively involved in caressing my body, was making a repetitious pattern through the air: lift, stop, pull back, extend. His arm was coming up, his hand catching a sloppily tossed ball, and chucking it into the other room, where two sets of feet would shuffle off for it, giggling the entire time they raced to beat the family dog to the favored object. We reveled in soft, heated kisses while I mentally tracked how many minutes were left until bedtime. Suddenly the children grew tired of their game with Daddy and decided to crawl up his legs. Reaching down for them, they giggled more and crawled up into our arms. Nika giggled, listening to my heart. Julian peeked up at me. Teren stared down at his son, his finger coming over to brush a lock of hair out of his eyes. I shook my head a little and held them tight. When I'd been close to death, on its doorstep as they say, Teren had done the only thing he could think of to save me. Those questions had driven Teren right to the brink of madness. She'd taken us to see her  a man who really wasn't related to anyone in the area, but was embraced as such because of his generosity to vampires in need. But Teren and I kept our feelings to ourselves on the matter. The twins both smiled and giggled, looking at each other. But I had my reservations about Gabriel, as did Teren. Twins were rare among mixed. It had taken Teren and me over a year to spot it. Our children, literally, felt what the other was feeling. Spike barking distracted the twins from their conversation and they hopped off our bodies to go ruffle the patient collie's fur. Luckily for us, Spike adored the children. Spike thumped his tail against the floor as he sat down. Eyes the color of a perfect spring morning gazed at me; they were the warmest eyes you'd ever see on a person. Knowing my husband only tolerated an all plasma diet, I knew he meant blood when he spoke of food. As a young person, the thought of what you'll be like as a parent occasionally crosses your mind. They both agreed too, loving and craving the nutrient as much as any vampire I'd met. Teren laughed, extraditing himself from my body so he could prepare meals for everyone. Wading through a sea of eager toddlers and a hungry dog, he laughed as he walked out of the living room into the kitchen. I smiled and shook my head when he spelled out that one for them. As he warmed it in the microwave, he sped away to get the dog some food. Smelling the warmth of that blood drifting out to me, I inhaled it deeply, my smile a satisfied one. He raised his eyebrows suggestively, and I bit my lip, knowing he was not talking about what Julian thought he was talking about. She grabbed the cup and swished it back eagerly. The smell hit me first – heavenly, heady, life-giving. Smiling, I looked over at the carbon copy of me. It had surprised me, but their fangs had been the first teeth to come in, and they'd come in as a matched set, both breaking through the skin at the same time. I grabbed their cups as they finished them, rinsing them out and putting them in the dishwasher. Giving him a warning glance to behave himself, I watched him chuckle at me and slip his teeth away. As I was putting the tricycle back outside for the hundredth time, I heard Teren trying to convince the kids that brushing their teeth was fun. As soon as we were done, they stormed off to their room. Following them, we entered their jungle playland room. Teren settled on the floor with them as they begged for which tales they wanted to hear. He glanced at me, leaning on the doorframe with my arms crossed over my chest, and smiled. Nika's little hands came up to clutch his face, bringing his attention back to her, where she preferred it. Teren looked over at his son, and in that instant as I watched them, it was like watching Teren look into a mirror. He looked up at me and laughed a little. Nika sat up straight and clasped her hands together, holding them to her chest. I shook my head and looked at the floor, remembering that day. Then things had settled. Julian piped up, raising his hand in the air, and looking over at me, his pale eyes joyous that he knew the answer. Teren looked up at me. Teren groaned and eyed me up and down in a way that made my still beating heart race. I chuckled at him and gave him a teasingly light kiss. After giving myself my daily shot, a sting that I was completely used to now, I got ready for bed. They had been about two and a half, and we hadn't thought much about plopping in a movie for them and disappearing into for bedroom for a little…reconnecting. Yeah, that sort of killed the mood for me for a long time. We eventually came up with the compromise to at least hold off on being intimate until they were sleeping. A cool body blurred into bed with me, chilly arms wrapping around my waist as a stubbled jaw nestled in my throat. I knew by  he meant me. I giggled and squeezed him tight, pressing my lips softly to his…softly and carefully. He twisted back to me, a finger running through a long strand of my dark hair. Hearing me, he brought those glowing orbs back to mine. I'd been worried at first about the glow. We'd tested them nearly instantly, walking them into the darkest room in the house. Cocking his head at me, Teren leaned in to restart the soft kissing. I bit my lip as I contained a groan. I pulled back and cocked an eyebrow at him. I could only nod and find his mouth, needing that connection to temper the overwhelming love that I felt for him. As I melted into his arms, I finally heard loud yawns coming from the twins' room. Hello, again! Every night, I sit by my window and watch the light fly over the ocean over and over again, warning ships of the deadly rocks lining the seemingly innocent shore. My fingers brush against the pages of the book in my lap, and I glance down to see the story of 'The Lady of Shallot' staring up at me. Sighing, I close the book and set it on the window seat, standing up to go to the kitchen. Once I reach my room, I set down my tea and quickly light the fireplace, patiently coaxing the embers into flames. Standing at the top of the lighthouse, I stare down at the little house, silver eyes fixed on one of the upstairs windows, glowing in the dark night. A light smirk curls my lips, and I leap from the top of the lighthouse, landing lightly on the roof of the small, worn cottage. Padding lightly across the shingles, I lower myself over the edge, toes finding purchase in the windowsill. A smooth, lightly freckled face puts his age from anywhere between sixteen and thirty. Planting my hands on the thick blue comforter, I lean in, pressing my lips against his. The smacks continue raining down on me, keeping me from answering the man's question. He shivers, biting his lip, a small moan escaping him. Pain suddenly explodes in my stomach, and I curl in on myself, groaning. With a snarl, I fling myself off the bed and get to the door just as he's reaching for the doorknob. I scoop him up, before carrying him back to the bed and dropping him among the tousled sheets. I quickly shake my head, grabbing his wrists and pinning them above his head. He gasps as I claim his mouth in a rough kiss before pulling back and pushing up his shirt. I trap his face between my hands, hungrily devouring his lips, practically purring when I feel the moans echoing through him. The pants are slung low on his hips, stretching over the sharp protrusions that look like mountains against the field of pale skin. A surprised yelp leaves him, and I grin, dragging my nails down his legs along with his pants. Sliding my hands to the backs of his knees, I push apart his legs and hoist up his hips. Control slipping with every movement, I lean closer, teeth closing around the side of his throat. I am definitely enjoying this incubus thing. My eyes slowly blink open, staring blearily at the window. My face flushes in embarrassment as I clap my hands over my mouth. Feeling like slapping myself, I slide out of the bed, being careful not to jostle myself too hard, and set about gathering the sheets. I snap the washing machine lid shut with a scowl, turning the knob. Mood dark, I storm back upstairs (or as much as I can with the shooting pain…at the moment, I am very tempted to try human taxidermy on Niko if he ever shows up again), to sort out clothing. After that, I decide to try to get back into some semblance of my daily routine. There was definitely something odd about my stranger last night. I bite my lip, studying the half-finished painting. My eyes wander to the window, staring out at the moonlight splashing across the ground, and the bright beam of light shining across the ocean. Ugh, I shouldn't think about that. What am I even thinking? Shaking my head, I pick up my paintbrush and turn my attention back to my art. Suddenly there are icy hands on me, pressing against my stomach. I bite my lip, looking away. I'm grasping for straws here, but I'm really hoping he'll go along with it. As we work, I can't help feeling uneasy. He doesn't let me reply before devouring my mouth, nails digging into my side. A hand slides into my pants, and a gasp escapes me, which is quickly cut off by me biting my lip. I'm just a twitching mess by the time he's bored of fingers and decides to switch to the real thing. He's more gentle than he was last night, at least in the beginning. Maybe it's because I'm not tied up, but tonight is even better than last. Gripping his arms, I pull myself up with difficulty and sink my teeth into his shoulder. After what seems like forever, he slams into me one final time with a deep groan, making my muscles contract in response. My eyes slip shut, the happiness not dwindling in the least. I sit on the bed next to Rowan, watching him sleep. I've been visiting the brunet every night for the last several weeks, and my fondness for him just keeps growing. Sighing, I lie back, wrapping an arm around Rowan's waist and pulling him closer. My fingers trail along Rowan's side, tracing random patterns as I frown. Letting out a deep sigh, I let my eyes finally slip closed, hand resting on Rowan's back. After setting aside my finished painting, I stand up and stretch, peering at it in satisfaction. My art is not the only thing to change since Niko's appearance; I've been feeling more alive and happy with him around, no longer the hollow shell I once was. I laugh a little to myself, shaking my head as I finish cleaning the brushes. I shiver, leaning back with a smile. The locks are all undone in seconds, and I fall to my knees, crying so harshly I can barely breathe. I slipped another glance at him. I watched him and I thought – enough of this. He looked up and met my gaze. I gave a small smile and began to turn away. That wasn't meant to happen. It was damn near unnerving. I raised an eyebrow incredulously. The sheer arrogance. A small smile twitched at my lips involuntarily. I trailed off. I rolled my eyes. I had no idea on that one. I answered, somewhat lamely. He didn't reply, his face still as stony as ever. There were a few answers to that. I answered lightly, perhaps both a suggestion as well as an answer to his question. I stood up from the desk, and with a final touch of bemusement creeping in, smiled. I considered it one of the weirdest experiences of my life and left it at that. I guess I'd fallen in with the wrong crowd at University. I don't know how you would refer to them. The point is James Hallberry Callson was one of them. Thomas whispered in my ear, cutting me off. Thomas snickered. Thomas joined in. It was like he was simply informing me of the time of day. Thomas muttered from beside me. I said, addressing them both. I nearly laughed just at the absurdity of it. I retaliated. I couldn't think straight. He looked intensely displeased. Back in my apartment block that evening I mulled over the whole of it. I finished dinner and washed up my plate before retreating to my bedroom. I wanted to know more about him. The next day I was back at the lake at roughly the same time. There is no way to approach that bench in a way that could take you by surprise. His tone just made every thought in my conscious mind want to run away to a less intimidating corner. We were discussing – clinically – how to progress with a relationship we didn't have. A/N: This will be a two or three chapter piece only. I can't say I blamed her, really. For once, Dave's smart tongue offered no dispute. I'm not talking about the type of beauty that you see in Playboy lying on some bear skin rug, or prancing around on MTV in a mini skirt with fake tits and beauty salon blonde hair. I once heard Dave say that the woman he'd married is  and that's exactly the right way to describe her. My infatuation with my best friend's wife honestly never concerned me all that much, not usually. Obviously, I denied that I ever looked at Lorena as more than a friend, but that didn't keep Janie from utterly despising her. Let me be clear - it's not as though I was pining away for Lorena like a lost little puppy. Dave and I had been best friends since we were little kids. Lorena had already been living with James for well over a year by the time we arrived. It will probably sound strange to you, but she belonged to us both back then. She had frequent nightmares; at least, that's what I always assumed. If she didn't end up in my bed, I knew she was in Dave's. See, most people think of Lorena as icy, guarded and untrusting. It had been going on the entire time she lived there. Dave said he just stood in the doorway, patiently waiting for that motherer to realize he'd been caught with his pants down and his mouth. We used the money from James' wallet to rent a cheap hotel room while we tried to figure out how we would make ends meet. As the nights rolled by, I began to hear their hushed whispers and innocent kisses eventually give way to long, smothered moans and sharp gasps of breath. My anger may very well have cost me the love of my life, but there was nothing I could have done to change that. If she'd been a man, I swear I would have knocked her out. After a few minutes, Dave left Lorena at the table and joined me outside. And that, right there, is how I know that Dave and Lorena belong together. He nearly broke his back working that construction job, six days a week for twelve hours a day to keep a roof over her head. That's why I was so shocked by what happened later that night at the bar. BAMChapter 1Okay. But what I can tell you is what looks like is going on; a boy, around my age – maybe even, shock-horror, my age – is running around my yard, with a spade he's picked up from the garden around the frangipanis and the daisies, and is trying to decapitate my dog with it. I honestly don't know what to say. Bam, screwing up his nose, stands up from the rose bush, blood trickling down from his palms as pressure is applied onto the thorny branches of the bush. Huh. Staring at him incredulously as he flails, putting his legs in the one trouser leg and falling flat on his face – I can't help but think why he has any hope of me helping him after all this. Which now that I think of it isn't exactly in the realm of impossible from what I've seen of this boy. I start to slip my mobile out of my pocket and the boy tilts his head at it as he pulls his pants on right on his second go, asking curiously,  When I don't answer (too busy trying to come up with help lines for this sort of thing. He's pointing at his pants zip this time. It's all just part of some ploy. he asks curiously, and I'm starting to get sick and tired of his act. at my words Bam starts looking upset, his eyes filling up with fear and his lips turning 'o' shaped. Bam sounds so upset about this I almost feel sorry for him, if not for the fact he called me a 'stupid woman'. I snap, as he glares down at me. Giving me another glare he starts trying to fix his pants again and I stare at him, trying to make sense of what he's telling me. Which he kind of looks like. I answer automatically and he grins while I scowl. Looking at him, and waiting for him to glare at me, I'm disappointed; he just continues grinning at me. I want to know, dragging him into the kitchen and then pushing him down on a chair by the counter. Me, obviously. I eye him with morbid curiosity for a bit before I'm forced to look away, open mouthed chewing becoming a bit too graphic for me. BAM BAM! I don't even have a proper NAME for this story. at this! Readers' discretion is advised. I wonder how much longer must they imprison me here. I still remember that moment clearly- and more importantly, him. His innocent hazel eyes that have seen dark secret places where creeping horror lives, clear blinking orbs hold thousands of dreams for me- given me glimpse of paradise where flowers bloomed in the garden, our garden of sin. Yes, I've always wanted to be with him, the only guy who ever loved me very much. How wonderful will it be, if the earth has lost its gravity? That other male voice plays in my head- churning and taunting, not as soft as the other man in my life, but his tone smooth and velvety- capable of waking my latent sexuality. I still feel that twinge of love for him, the other guy. From his journal, I found out he'd been wanting to find happiness. Part of me still thinks I'm the good girl as I've always been to my mother, that I've never really done what I should've done. My mind was afraid of the outcome that stared me right in the face. He was leaving me and there was nothing I could do to stop this. I was the person he had saved, yet I couldn't even do the same for him. he blatantly informed me. I adjusted myself in my chair and picked the pencil up off his desk. The way his eye twitched made me wonder if he was at all stable during this moment. He lunged. I cracked up. he snarled, and there was something frighteningly animalistic to his voice. Alright. I repeated. He made a move to come at me, so I took the hint. When the roof ended, I sunk close to the shingles and propelled myself off. I resisted the urge to shudder at the painfully chipper voice. the voice came again. I slowly lifted an eyebrow. They feared us. Humans, that was. Twenty years ago, in the year 2005, the cure was introduced. Some of those who were infected reacted. And then there were those who reacted positively. Well, , not quite. And now, I was nineteen. I grimaced and refocused back on the little girl. The change in her voice was kind of bothering me, so I chose not to reply. The girl's arm had a momentary compulsion problem. And that was when the agents came flooding into the room, equipped with guns and knives and bullet-proof suits. And with that, they blew the girl's head off. I trailed off, then suddenly swiped the sandwich straight out of his hands and threw it onto the ground. he answered, then took a giant bite out of his sandwich. I shouldn't have told him. I watched him, trying to control the anger, trying to understand how he could do this. I had grown up protecting him. he said, then turned and walked off. Hey, got nothing really to say 'cept hello, and I hope you like the story. Review if you want. In my opinion, crying while driving is just as bad as drinking. So there I was, driving my mother's huge GMC Yukon XL that could plow down a forest. Ah, life. I blinked some tears out of my eyes, focusing on the figure in front of me and staring at it for a split second. Instead of my happy-go-lucky friend successful hunting down his frisbee for his master, my Yukon instead hunted down his life in a split second. I spun around. If I was watching myself at a distance, I would've thought my reaction to be hilarious. As he spoke, I numbly noted his English accent. he replied, bending over to his lifeless dog. I stared at his back with my mouth open for a second, but then a car horn blared me out of my torpor, and I jumped back into the Yukon and steered it to the edge. As he hopped to the ground, I stared anxiously, my tears still determinedly pouring down my face. I made my way around to the passenger side and clambered in, sniffling and wiping my eyes. The ride home was a nightmare. No problem there, pal. Yeah, short chapter. I'm already 3/4 done with Ch. . with his child. Summary: A street skirmish ends up pulling Ezra into the underworld, where he discovers that he's not only a werewolf, but a submissive one at that. I plopped onto the street bench to wait for the bus, leaning against my backpack as a cushion against the uncomfortable stone support. As I admired the fiery strands that fluttered in the breeze, I noticed someone sitting on the other end of the bench turned in my direction. It was a boy, probably seventeen or a year older than me. I wasn't hiding behind my curtain of hair any longer. What the heck was this guy on? I really should have just been ignoring the dude but the stranger was leaning forward steadily, only pausing for my reply. I realized that the boy's eyes were… no longer brown. That was it. I dropped my bag at the entrance of the doorway, agilely slipping my combat boots off with my toes. I roll my eyes, unable to contain the soft smile at the sight of my adoptive mother twirling in the kitchen and humming to the beat of the broom she was using to sweep the floor. Loud thumps resounded down the stairs as my father entered the kitchen to swing his wife into a bear hug. Our son. Alma moved to get up from her seat, but I stood up quickly to direct her back into her chair across from Jorell. I struggled to see through the door's peep hole. I closed the door behind me, eyeing the officers. The taller blonde questioned, leering down at me. The dark haired one laughed. The other man didn't seem so amused. Wait, what? A black strand crossed my vision before I realized with a grunt that I was flush against the garage door. My attacker stumbled backwards holding his stomach and I slid down coughing, but alert in the defense. The black haired, having recovered from my kick, was laughing and pointing at my friend. What in the world? I noticed the two attackers glance at each other before the blonde haired grabbed my arm just as the other launched himself at Maya. My head swiveled around to find a massive black wolf facing off against a flaming lion. This was a dream. I swung back around to find Maya standing in our path, her eyes glowing a fiery red, no longer the usual emerald. I turned around with Maya still in my arms to find the lion sitting behind me. The dizzy spinning in my head was telling me I should have fainted by now. God I love him! He had longish dark brown hair, beautiful hazel eyes, and he was about 5'8 I think. Me? I have brown curly hair, like real curls not those fake curls you get from perms, or curling irons. Anyway back to Tristan. Suddenly a loud ringing broke me out of my of my thoughts. we got in the lunch line. We went to sit at our normal table. Tristan asked turning to me. When I got to the library I pushed open the doors, and walked inside. her eyes widened as she cut herself off, and quickly turned away. she asked. I walked down the stairs and into the kitchen where, my mom, dad, and all of the Emmer's were. my dad came out of the kitchen and to the living room, where we had seemed to move to. 
